ZH: 这个故事发展真是一波三折。
EN: The plot of this story is full of twists and turns.

ZH: 他们的恋情经历了一波三折。
EN: Their relationship went through many ups and downs.

ZH: 生活就是一波三折，永远不会一帆风顺。
EN: Life is full of twists and turns, it will never be smooth sailing.

ZH: 这次旅行经历了一波三折，但最终我们还是到达了目的地。
EN: This trip had many twists and turns, but we eventually arrived at our destination.

ZH: 这个计划经过了一波三折，最终还是成功了。
EN: This plan went through many ups and downs, but it eventually succeeded.

ZH: 考试之前的复习真是一波三折。
EN: The review before the exam was full of twists and turns.

ZH: 这次项目的进展经历了一波三折，但最终还是按时完成了。
EN: The progress of this project went through many ups and downs, but it was completed on time.

ZH: 他们的婚姻经历了一波三折，但最终还是走到了一起。
EN: Their marriage went through many ups and downs, but they eventually stayed together.

ZH: 家庭生活真是一波三折。
EN: Family life is full of twists and turns.

ZH: 他们的友谊经历了一波三折，但最终还是紧密地相连。
EN: Their friendship went through many ups and downs, but they remained closely connected.

ZH: 这次比赛经过了一波三折，但结果还是不错的。
EN: This competition had many twists and turns, but the result was still good.

ZH: 我们的合作经过了一波三折，但最终达成了协议。
EN: Our cooperation went through many ups and downs, but we eventually reached an agreement.

ZH: 这段感情经历了一波三折，但他们还是坚守初心在一起。
EN: This relationship went through many ups and downs, but they still stayed together.

ZH: 这次生意经历了一波三折，但最终还是盈利了。
EN: This business had many twists and turns, but it eventually turned a profit.

ZH: 他的事业经历了一波三折，但最终还是蒸蒸日上。
EN: His career has gone through many ups and downs, but it is still thriving.

ZH: 这部电影情节跌宕起伏，可谓一波三折。
EN: The plot of this movie is full of twists and turns.

ZH: 这个决定的过程经过了一波三折，但最终还是取得了成功。
EN: The process of making this decision had many twists and turns, but it ultimately was successful.

ZH: 这个计划的执行过程可谓是一波三折。
EN: The execution of this plan can be described as full of twists and turns.

ZH: 开发新产品的路上充满了一波三折。
EN: The road to developing new products is full of twists and turns.

ZH: 这个城市的历史经历了一波三折。
EN: The history of this city has gone through many ups and downs.
