ZH: 能量释放后，粉丝们会一拥而上地争夺签名。
EN: After the energy is released, fans will rush forward to fight for autographs.

ZH: 演唱会开始后，观众们会一拥而上涌向舞台。
EN: After the concert starts, the audience will rush towards the stage.

ZH: 火灾发生时，人们会一拥而上地逃离建筑物。
EN: When a fire breaks out, people will rush out of the building.

ZH: 一声枪响后，群众会一拥而上地涌入商店。
EN: After a gunshot, the crowd will rush into the store.

ZH: 购物优惠开放后，顾客们会一拥而上地涌入商场。
EN: When shopping discounts are offered, customers will rush into the mall.

ZH: 组长一宣布任务，队员们就会一拥而上地准备出发。
EN: As soon as the team leader announces the task, the team members will prepare to depart.

ZH: 在秋天的早晨，人们会一拥而上地涌向果园。
EN: On a fall morning, people will rush to the orchard.

ZH: 当明星现身时，粉丝们会一拥而上地围观。
EN: When the star appears, fans will rush forward to watch.

ZH: 战争爆发后，人们会一拥而上地躲避危险。
EN: After the outbreak of war, people will rush to avoid danger.

ZH: 双11当天，购物商城一开门，顾客们就会一拥而上争相抢购。
EN: On Singles' Day, as soon as the shopping mall opens, customers will rush in to grab deals.

ZH: 老师一放学，学生们就会一拥而上地离开教室。
EN: As soon as the teacher dismisses the class, students will rush out of the classroom.

ZH: 运动员一起跑，观众们便会一拥而上地呐喊加油。
EN: When athletes start running, the audience will rush forward to cheer.

ZH: 当节日庆典开始时，人们会一拥而上地参加活动。
EN: When the festival celebration begins, people will rush to participate in the activities.

ZH: 一场抢劫发生后，警察会一拥而上地追踪罪犯。
EN: After a robbery, the police will rush to track down the criminals.

ZH: 当音乐响起时，舞者们会一拥而上地跳起舞来。
EN: When the music starts playing, the dancers will rush to start dancing.

ZH: 饭点到了，学生们便会一拥而上地涌向食堂。
EN: When it's mealtime, students will rush towards the cafeteria.

ZH: 星期天早上，人们会一拥而上地往公园散步。
EN: On Sunday mornings, people will rush to take a walk in the park.

ZH: 当老板分发奖金时，员工们会一拥而上地赶去领取。
EN: When the boss distributes bonuses, employees will rush to collect them.

ZH: 在清晨的市场上，买家们会一拥而上地涌进摊位。
EN: In the early morning market, buyers will rush towards the stalls.

ZH: 一发生车祸，路人们会一拥而上地前来帮忙。
EN: After a car accident, passersby will rush to help.
