ZH: 这个计划的目的是要“一网打尽”所有的犯罪分子。
EN: The aim of this plan is to "wipe out" all the criminals.

ZH: 警方希望能“一网打尽”这个犯罪团伙。
EN: The police hope to "take down" this criminal gang.

ZH: 这次行动旨在“一网打尽”黑市走私活动。
EN: This operation is aimed at "cracking down on" black market smuggling.

ZH: 他们打算要“一网打尽”所有代孕集团。
EN: They plan to "take down" all the surrogacy groups.

ZH: 政府采取了一系列措施以“一网打尽”腐败行为。
EN: The government has taken a series of measures to "clamp down on" corruption.

ZH: 他们正在进行一场行动，目的是要“一网打尽”非法赌博。
EN: They are conducting an operation aimed at "wiping out" illegal gambling.

ZH: 警方将联手各地部队，共同努力“一网打尽”犯罪活动。
EN: The police will join forces with units from various regions to collectively work towards "taking down" criminal activities.

ZH: 计划是要“一网打尽”贩毒集团，剿灭毒品交易。
EN: The plan is to "wipe out" drug trafficking groups and eradicate drug trade.

ZH: 他们设下陷阱，希望能在一次行动中“一网打尽”所有的毒品交易商。
EN: They set a trap hoping to "take down" all the drug dealers in one operation.

ZH: 这次打击行动的目的是要“一网打尽”所有的网络赌博平台。
EN: The purpose of this crackdown operation is to "wipe out" all online gambling platforms.

ZH: 他们雇佣了一支特种部队，准备“一网打尽”恐怖分子。
EN: They hired a special forces team to "take down" terrorists.

ZH: 他们的目标是“一网打尽”所有违法行为。
EN: Their goal is to "wipe out" all illegal activities.

ZH: 这是一次全方位的打击，旨在“一网打尽”所有的毒品走私活动。
EN: This is a comprehensive crackdown aimed at "taking down" all drug smuggling activities.

ZH: 警方在公开场合展示了他们对于要“一网打尽”罪犯的决心。
EN: The police publicly displayed their determination to "wipe out" criminals.

ZH: 全国范围内将展开一场行动，目的是要“一网打尽”所有的网络诈骗犯罪。
EN: A nationwide operation will be launched to "take down" all online fraud crimes.

ZH: 政府立下毅然决心，要在三个月内“一网打尽”所有的腐败分子。
EN: The government has made a resolute decision to "wipe out" all corrupt individuals within three months.

ZH: 他们计划运用新的技术手段，实现对恐怖组织的“一网打尽”。
EN: They plan to use new technological methods to achieve a "take down" of terrorist organizations.

ZH: 协同努力，很快就会“一网打尽”这个团伙。
EN: With coordinated efforts, this gang will soon be "wiped out".

ZH: 民众的举报将有助于“一网打尽”这个网络犯罪团伙。
EN: Public reports will help "take down" this cybercrime network.
