ZH: 汽车坏了，但是我们万幸没有出现事故。
EN: The car broke down, but fortunately we didn't have an accident.

ZH: 昨天下大雨，万幸我提前带了雨伞。
EN: It rained heavily yesterday, luckily I brought an umbrella with me in advance.

ZH: 我们错过了火车，万幸还有下一趟。
EN: We missed the train, fortunately there's another one.

ZH: 我的电脑坏了，但是万幸我备份了所有文件。
EN: My computer crashed, but luckily I had backed up all the files.

ZH: 他得了重病，但是万幸及时被治愈了。
EN: He fell seriously ill, but fortunately he was cured in time.

ZH: 万幸，火灾没有蔓延到其他建筑物。
EN: Fortunately, the fire didn't spread to other buildings.

ZH: 我们的飞机延误了，但是万幸我们没有错过重要会议。
EN: Our flight was delayed, but luckily we didn't miss the important meeting.

ZH: 我们迷路了，万幸有个好心人帮我们找到回家的路。
EN: We got lost, fortunately a kind-hearted person helped us find our way back home.

ZH: 车子出车祸了，但是万幸没有受伤。
EN: The car had an accident, but luckily no one was injured.

ZH: 我考试忘了带笔，但是万幸考场里有人借给我。
EN: I forgot to bring a pen for the exam, but fortunately someone in the examination hall lent me one.

ZH: 我的钱包丢了，但是万幸里面没有很多现金。
EN: I lost my wallet, but luckily there wasn't much cash inside.

ZH: 我们刚赶上了末班地铁，万幸没有等太久。
EN: We just caught the last subway, fortunately we didn't have to wait too long.

ZH: 设备故障了，但是万幸工作人员迅速修好了。
EN: The equipment malfunctioned, but luckily the staff fixed it quickly.

ZH: 我们旅行时遇到暴雨，但是万幸有个避雨的地方。
EN: We encountered heavy rain during our trip, but luckily there was a sheltered place.

ZH: 被提前告知了会议取消，万幸我没有白跑一趟。
EN: I was informed in advance that the meeting was canceled, luckily I didn't go for nothing.

ZH: 他出差时遇到交通堵塞，但是万幸他及时通知了客户。
EN: He encountered traffic jam during his business trip, but luckily he informed the client on time.

ZH: 天气突然变冷了，但是万幸我带了厚外套。
EN: The weather suddenly turned cold, but luckily I brought a thick coat.

ZH: 结果不理想，但是万幸我学到了很多经验。
EN: The result was not ideal, but luckily I gained a lot of experience.

ZH: 发言时忘了要说的内容，但是万幸同事们帮我补充了。
EN: I forgot what I wanted to say during the speech, but luckily my colleagues helped me fill in.

ZH: 被抢劫了，万幸没受伤，只是丢了点钱包里的现金。
EN: I got robbed, fortunately I wasn't hurt, just lost some cash from my wallet.
