ZH: 今天的郊游活动，大家都三五成群去了。
EN: Everyone went out in groups of three or five for today's outing.

ZH: 情侣们三五成群地逛着商场。
EN: The couples wandered around the mall in groups of three or five.

ZH: 学校里的学生都喜欢三五成群一起吃午饭。
EN: Students at school like to eat lunch together in groups of three or five.

ZH: 她喜欢在图书馆里找几个朋友三五成群地学习。
EN: She likes to study in the library with a few friends in groups of three or five.

ZH: 大家都三五成群地去散步，享受大自然的美丽。
EN: Everyone went for a walk in groups of three or five, enjoying the beauty of nature.

ZH: 周末的时候，我们喜欢三五成群地去看电影。
EN: We like to go see movies in groups of three or five on weekends.

ZH: 同事们三五成群地在办公室里讨论工作计划。
EN: Colleagues discussed work plans in groups of three or five in the office.

ZH: 孩子们三五成群地在操场上玩耍。
EN: Children played together in groups of three or five on the playground.

ZH: 我们三五成群地去游乐园玩了一整天。
EN: We spent the whole day at the amusement park in groups of three or five.

ZH: 在生日聚会上，大家都三五成群地坐在一起聊天。
EN: At the birthday party, everyone sat together in groups of three or five chatting.

ZH: 他们三五成群地去夜市尝试各种美食。
EN: They went to the night market in groups of three or five to try different foods.

ZH: 老人们三五成群地在公园里散步锻炼身体。
EN: Elderly people walked in groups of three or five in the park to exercise.

ZH: 数个小朋友三五成群地在游乐场玩耍。
EN: Several children played in groups of three or five at the playground.

ZH: 她们三五成群地去健身房做运动。
EN: They went to the gym in groups of three or five to exercise.

ZH: 在音乐会上，观众们三五成群地坐着欣赏音乐。
EN: Audience members sat in groups of three or five at the concert enjoying the music.

ZH: 我们三五成群地去爬山，享受户外活动。
EN: We went hiking in groups of three or five, enjoying outdoor activities.

ZH: 家人们周末三五成群地聚在一起看电影。
EN: Families gathered to watch movies together in groups of three or five on weekends.

ZH: 在公司的午休时间，同事们三五成群地出去吃午餐。
EN: During lunch break at the company, colleagues went out to eat in groups of three or five.

ZH: 小动物们三五成群地在树林里觅食。
EN: Small animals foraged in groups of three or five in the forest.

ZH: 大家三五成群地去参观博物馆，学习历史知识。
EN: Everyone went to the museum in groups of three or five to learn about history.
