ZH: 昨天他正式上任了公司的新总经理。
EN: Yesterday he officially assumed the position of the new general manager of the company.

ZH: 她在政府部门上任后立即展开了一系列改革。
EN: She immediately started a series of reforms after taking office in the government department.

ZH: 明天他将上任担任这个国家的新总统。
EN: He will take office as the new president of the country tomorrow.

ZH: 公司的新CEO将于下周正式上任。
EN: The new CEO of the company will officially take office next week.

ZH: 在经过了漫长的培训后，他终于上任担任了这个职位。
EN: After a long period of training, he finally assumed the position.

ZH: 每位上任的领导者都必须面对各种挑战。
EN: Every leader who takes office must face various challenges.

ZH: 上任后，他迅速展现出了自己的管理才能。
EN: After taking office, he quickly demonstrated his management skills.

ZH: 新的校长上任后打算推动学校的改革。
EN: The new principal plans to promote reform in the school after taking office.

ZH: 上任不久，他就面临了重大的决策。
EN: Shortly after taking office, he was faced with major decisions.

ZH: 我很期待明天上任新职位的第一天。
EN: I am looking forward to the first day of taking office in the new position tomorrow.

ZH: 上任前他进行了全面的准备工作。
EN: He made comprehensive preparations before taking office.

ZH: 上任之后，她开始与各部门合作解决问题。
EN: After taking office, she began to work with various departments to solve problems.

ZH: 新CEO上任后很快开始进行公司改革。
EN: The new CEO quickly started the company's reform after taking office.

ZH: 上任总监后，他马上展开了一场全面的调查。
EN: After assuming the role of director, he immediately launched a comprehensive investigation.

ZH: 台湾的新任市长向市民保证将尽力做好自己的工作。
EN: The new mayor of Taiwan assured the citizens that he will do his best to perform his duties.

ZH: 上任后，她发现了公司内部存在的一些问题。
EN: After taking office, she discovered some issues within the company.

ZH: 新任教师立即开始着手准备开学。
EN: The new teacher immediately started preparing for the new school year.

ZH: 上任总统说他将积极推动国家的发展。
EN: The newly appointed president said he would actively promote the country's development.

ZH: 新经理上任后，公司的运营更加高效了。
EN: The company's operation became more efficient after the new manager took office.

ZH: 上任后，她开始寻找解决方案来解决公司的财务问题。
EN: After taking office, she started looking for solutions to address the company's financial issues.
