ZH: 我每天七点上班。
EN: I go to work at 7 o'clock every day.

ZH: 我们公司的员工都需要早上九点上班。
EN: The employees in our company all need to start work at 9 in the morning.

ZH: 老板要求我们每周工作六天，每天都要上班。
EN: The boss requires us to work six days a week, and we have to work every day.

ZH: 明天我要提前半小时上班。
EN: I need to go to work half an hour early tomorrow.

ZH: 今天我临时有事，可能迟到上班。
EN: I have something urgent today, so I may be late for work.

ZH: 她昨天请了假，今天没赶上上班。
EN: She took a day off yesterday and couldn't make it to work today.

ZH: 星期五我们公司有团建活动，不用上班。
EN: We have a team building activity in our company on Friday, so we don't have to work.

ZH: 我周末常常加班，所以几乎没有休息时间。
EN: I often work overtime on weekends, so I have hardly any time to rest.

ZH: 我最近每天都加班到很晚才回家。
EN: Lately, I have been working late every day before going home.

ZH: 在国外工作的中国人常常感到思乡情怀，想回国上班。
EN: Chinese people working abroad often feel homesick and want to return to work in their home country.

ZH: 很多人每天公交上班，挤在拥挤的车厢里。
EN: Many people take the bus to work every day, crowded in the crowded carriages.

ZH: 上班途中遇到堵车，我心情很糟糕。
EN: I feel very frustrated when I encounter traffic jams on the way to work.

ZH: 最近天气转凉，上班时要注意保暖。
EN: The weather has been getting colder lately, so I need to dress warmly when going to work.

ZH: 周末在家里远离城市的喧嚣，感觉和上班日不同。
EN: Spending weekends at home away from the hustle and bustle of the city feels different from working days.

ZH: 长时间坐在办公室，对身体不好，要多做运动。
EN: Sitting in the office for long periods of time is bad for your health, so you should exercise more.

ZH: 他每天很早就去上班，总是最后一个离开公司。
EN: He goes to work very early every day and is always the last one to leave the company.

ZH: 在现代社会，很多人为了上班而放弃了家庭聚会和休闲时光。
EN: In modern society, many people give up family gatherings and leisure time for work.

ZH: 上班时间是我们挣钱的时候，需要认真对待。
EN: Work hours are when we earn money and need to be taken seriously.

ZH: 周末是一周劳累的收获，下周依然要早早起床上班。
EN: The weekend is the harvest of a week of hard work, and I still need to get up early for work next week.

ZH: 出差需要很早就起床上班，有时候周末也要工作。
EN: Traveling for business requires getting up very early for work, and sometimes working on weekends as well.
