ZH: 1. 總統的任期到期後，他將下台。
EN: After the president's term expired, he will step down.
ZH: 2. 政府宣布，部長因貪污案將下台。
EN: The government announced that the minister will step down due to corruption charges.
ZH: 3. 性丑聞曝光後，該明星宣布下台退隱。
EN: After the exposure of a sex scandal, the celebrity announced his retirement from the industry.
ZH: 4. 董事長因醜聞不克擔任公司職務而下台。
EN: The chairman stepped down from his position in the company due to the scandal.
ZH: 5. 在經過長時間的爭議後，市長被迫宣布下台。
EN: After a long period of controversy, the mayor was forced to announce his resignation.
ZH: 6. 這位明星已達到了專業生涯的巔峰，現在應該考慮何時下台。
EN: This celebrity has reached the peak of his professional career, now he should consider when to retire.
ZH: 7. 傳媒報導說，明天將有重要的政治人物下台。
EN: Media reports suggest that an important political figure will step down tomorrow.
ZH: 8. 她是公司的創始人，但因健康問題，她不得不下台。
EN: She is the founder of the company, but due to health issues, she had to step down.
ZH: 9. 這位大老板在醜聞曝光後，面臨著下台的壓力。
EN: The tycoon is facing pressure to step down after the scandal was exposed.
ZH: 10. 據傳這位歐洲國家的總理已經下台了。
EN: It is rumored that the prime minister of this European country has already resigned.
ZH: 11. 這位教授已經六十多歲了，現在是時候考慮下台了。
EN: This professor is already in his sixties, it is time for him to consider stepping down.
ZH: 12. 在這場失敗的選舉之後，這位政治家宣布下台。
EN: After this failed election, this politician announced his retirement from politics.
ZH: 13. 這位足球教練因球隊的表現不佳而被迫下台。
EN: This football coach was forced to step down due to the poor performance of the team.
ZH: 14. 經過多次投訴，該主管最終被迫下台。
EN: After multiple complaints, the supervisor was ultimately forced to resign.
ZH: 15. 他的教職生涯已經達到巔峰，他認為現在是下台的時候了。
EN: His teaching career has reached its peak, and he believes it is now time to retire.
ZH: 16. 後續問題的處理問題使得他不得不考慮下台。
EN: The handling of subsequent issues made him have to consider stepping down.
ZH: 17. 在這場控訴之後，這位藝術家宣布下台。
EN: After this accusation, the artist announced his retirement.
ZH: 18. 這位首相在接受貪污指控後，不久宣布下台。
EN: The prime minister announced his resignation shortly after facing corruption allegations.
ZH: 19. 經過多年的領導，這位公司董事長決定下台。
EN: After years of leadership, the chairman of the company decided to step down.
ZH: 20. 這位校長宣布下台後，將有新的領導人接手。
EN: After the principal's announcement of stepping down, there will be a new leader taking over.
