ZH: 当我听到这个好消息时，我忍不住下跪感谢上苍。
EN: When I heard the good news, I couldn't help but kneel down to thank God.

ZH: 他下跪求饶，希望得到宽恕。
EN: He knelt down to beg for mercy, hoping to be forgiven.

ZH: 她下跪向他求婚，让他感到非常感动。
EN: She knelt down to propose to him, making him very moved.

ZH: 为了表达歉意，他下跪向她道歉。
EN: To express his apology, he knelt down to apologize to her.

ZH: 这位将军下跪致敬，向战士们表示感谢。
EN: The general knelt down to pay respect and thank the soldiers.

ZH: 屠夫的儿子下跪向村长告密。
EN: The butcher's son knelt down to inform against the village chief.

ZH: 在这个传统仪式上，年轻人会下跪接受长辈的祝福。
EN: In this traditional ceremony, young people kneel down to receive blessings from their elders.

ZH: 他在庙会上下跪磕头，祈求平安和好运。
EN: He kneels down and kowtows at the temple fair, praying for peace and good luck.

ZH: 她下跪拜访祖先的坟墓，传承家族的传统。
EN: She kneels down to visit the ancestors' graves, carrying on the family tradition.

ZH: 他的行为荒谬又可笑，让人觉得完全没有必要下跪。
EN: His behavior is ridiculous and laughable, making people feel that kneeling down is completely unnecessary.

ZH: 孩子们下跪向老师道谢，感恩教导的良师益友。
EN: The children kneel down to thank the teacher, grateful for the instruction of a good mentor.

ZH: 在主持人的要求下，选手们下跪宣誓参与比赛。
EN: At the request of the host, the contestants kneel down to swear to participate in the competition.

ZH: 在这个传统节日里，人们会下跪烧香祈求美好的未来。
EN: During this traditional festival, people kneel down to burn incense and pray for a better future.

ZH: 他在观众的欢呼声中下跪感谢支持。
EN: He kneels down to thank the audience for their support amid cheers.

ZH: 在这个宗教仪式上，信徒们都会下跪礼拜神灵。
EN: In this religious ceremony, believers all kneel down to worship the spirits.

ZH: 学生们下跪鞠躬感谢老师的悉心教导。
EN: The students kneel down and bow to thank the teacher for their careful instruction.

ZH: 他下跪叩首请求放过他的父亲。
EN: He kneels down and kowtows, begging for his father's forgiveness.

ZH: 这位老人下跪哀求，希望被放过。
EN: The old man kneels down and pleads, hoping to be spared.

ZH: 被告人下跪请求法官轻判。
EN: The defendant kneels down and requests the judge for a lenient sentence.

ZH: 求婚者下跪向心爱的人表达爱意。
EN: The proposer kneels down to express love to the beloved one.
