ZH: 股票市场下跌导致许多投资者蒙受巨大损失。
EN: The stock market's decline caused many investors to suffer huge losses.

ZH: 最新的数据显示，今年的经济增长率将下跌。
EN: The latest data shows that this year's economic growth rate will decline.

ZH: 不断下跌的房地产市场使得许多人推迟了买房计划。
EN: The continuously declining real estate market has caused many people to postpone their home-buying plans.

ZH: 这家公司的股票价值从十美元下跌到了五美元。
EN: The stock value of this company has dropped from ten dollars to five dollars.

ZH: 这个行业正在经历一次大规模的下跌期。
EN: This industry is going through a major downturn.

ZH: 由于恶劣的天气条件，作物产量下跌了百分之十。
EN: Crop yields have decreased by ten percent due to the adverse weather conditions.

ZH: 该国的出口量下跌对经济产生了负面影响。
EN: The decline in the country's exports has had a negative impact on the economy.

ZH: 房价的下跌导致了一系列的财务问题。
EN: The decrease in house prices has led to a series of financial issues.

ZH: 这个国家的通货膨胀率一直在下跌。
EN: The inflation rate of this country has been consistently falling.

ZH: 这个城市的人口数量预计将会下跌。
EN: The population of this city is expected to decline.

ZH: 原油价格的下跌对石油行业造成了不小的冲击。
EN: The drop in oil prices has had a significant impact on the oil industry.

ZH: 这个城市的失业率一直在下跌。
EN: The unemployment rate in this city has been consistently decreasing.

ZH: 突发事件导致了股市的急剧下跌。
EN: The sudden event resulted in a sharp decline in the stock market.

ZH: 该公司的利润连续五个季度下跌。
EN: The company's profits have decreased for five consecutive quarters.

ZH: 这个行业的销售额正在下跌。
EN: The sales volume of this industry is declining.

ZH: 各国对该货币的信心下跌，导致其汇率持续下滑。
EN: The declining confidence in the currency of various countries has led to its continuous depreciation.

ZH: 由于市场需求下降，销售额持续下跌。
EN: The sales volume has been continuously decreasing due to the declining market demand.

ZH: 对于消费者来说，价格的下跌是一个好消息。
EN: The drop in prices is good news for consumers.

ZH: 地方制造业的产值下跌对当地经济带来了不小的压力。
EN: The declining output of local manufacturing industries has put significant pressure on the local economy.

ZH: 近期房屋租金的下跌使得租房市场更加有利于租户。
EN: The recent decline in rental prices has made the rental market more favorable for tenants.
