ZH: 不但我喜欢跑步，我还喜欢游泳。
EN: Not only do I like running, but I also like swimming.

ZH: 不但她很聪明，她还很善良。
EN: Not only is she very smart, but she is also very kind.

ZH: 不但这本书很有趣，内容也很有触动力。
EN: Not only is this book interesting, but it is also very thought-provoking.

ZH: 不但这家餐厅的菜好吃，价格也很实惠。
EN: Not only is the food at this restaurant delicious, but the prices are also very affordable.

ZH: 不但他是一位出色的音乐家，他还是一位天才作曲家。
EN: Not only is he a talented musician, but he is also a genius composer.

ZH: 不但这部电影很搞笑，还充满了深刻的哲理。
EN: Not only is this movie funny, but it is also full of profound philosophical insights.

ZH: 不但他是个优秀的演员，而且还是个出色的导演。
EN: Not only is he a great actor, but he is also a talented director.

ZH: 不但这个城市风景优美，而且还有很多历史悠久的景点。
EN: Not only is this city scenic, but it also has many historical landmarks.

ZH: 不但这部小说深情动人，还描绘了社会的黑暗面。
EN: Not only is this novel emotionally moving, but it also depicts the darker side of society.

ZH: 不但这家酒店设施完善，服务也很周到。
EN: Not only is this hotel well-equipped, but the service is also very attentive.

ZH: 不但这首歌曲动人心弦，歌手的演唱也非常投入。
EN: Not only is this song touching, but the singer's performance is also very engaging.

ZH: 不但这幅画色彩绚丽，而且构图独特。
EN: Not only is this painting colorful, but the composition is also unique.

ZH: 不但这个项目很具有挑战性，而且也能带来很多好处。
EN: Not only is this project challenging, but it also brings many benefits.

ZH: 不但这个城市的气候宜人，而且人们的生活水平也很高。
EN: Not only is the climate in this city pleasant, but the people also have a high standard of living.

ZH: 不但这个展览吸引了众多观众，还得到了专家的好评。
EN: Not only did this exhibition attract many viewers, but it also received accolades from experts.

ZH: 不但这家公司在国内有很好的声誉，而且也打入了国际市场。
EN: Not only does this company have a good reputation domestically, but it has also penetrated the international market.

ZH: 不但这部电影票房大卖，口碑也非常好。
EN: Not only did this movie perform well at the box office, but it also received great reviews.

ZH: 不但这家餐馆的口味独特，环境也十分舒适。
EN: Not only does this restaurant have unique flavors, but the ambiance is also very cozy.

ZH: 不但这所学校教学质量高，而且校园环境优美。
EN: Not only does this school have high teaching quality, but the campus environment is also beautiful.

ZH: 不但这辆车外观漂亮，而且性能也很出色。
EN: Not only does this car have a beautiful exterior, but it also has excellent performance.
