ZH:他们公司的员工中，不乏有大学毕业生。
EN: Among the employees in their company, there is no lack of college graduates.

ZH:这个城市的人才汇聚，不乏有国际背景的人。
EN: This city attracts a pool of talents, with no shortage of people with international backgrounds.

ZH:这个项目的投资方不乏一些大型企业。
EN: The investment sources for this project include several large corporations.

ZH:在这个行业中，不乏有创业者追求利润最大化的动机。
EN: In this industry, there is no shortage of entrepreneurs motivated by maximizing profits.

ZH:这个学院的学生不乏有在全国选拔赛中获奖的人。
EN: Among the students of this college, there are many who have won prizes in national selection competitions.

ZH:这个城市的餐馆不乏有各种美食选择。
EN: The restaurants in this city offer a wide variety of culinary options.

ZH:这部电影的演员阵容不乏一线明星。
EN: The cast of this movie includes many A-list celebrities.

ZH:这个社团不乏有成员参与过国际志愿者活动。
EN: This organization has no shortage of members who have participated in international volunteering activities.

ZH:在这个领域中，不乏有人对创新持开放的态度。
EN: In this field, there is no lack of people with an open attitude towards innovation.

ZH:这个社区的居民不乏有长时间在外地工作的人。
EN: Among the residents of this community, there are many who have worked outside for a long time.

ZH:这个国家不乏有先进的科学研究机构。
EN: This country has no shortage of advanced scientific research institutions.

ZH:这个学校的校友不乏有在国际大公司担任高层的人。
EN: Among the alumni of this school, there are many who hold senior positions in international corporations.

ZH:这个行业的从业者不乏有自己的创业经历。
EN: The practitioners in this industry have no lack of their own entrepreneurial experiences.

ZH:这个省份不乏有美丽的风景名胜。
EN: This province has no shortage of beautiful scenic spots.

ZH:这个家族的成员不乏有在政府部门工作的人。
EN: Among the members of this family, there are many who work in government departments.

ZH:这个公司的产品不乏有获奖的作品。
EN: The products of this company include many award-winning works.

ZH:这个俱乐部的会员不乏有在体育界有一定影响力的人。
EN: Among the members of this club, there are many who have certain influence in the sports industry.

ZH:这个学科的研究不乏有对未来发展趋势的预测。
EN: The research in this discipline includes predictions of future development trends.

ZH:这个社交平台的用户不乏有来自不同国家的人。
EN: The users of this social platform include people from different countries.

ZH:这个公司的团队不乏有在专业领域有丰富经验的成员。
EN: The team of this company includes members with extensive experience in their professional fields.
