ZH: 我不得已才答应了他的请求。
EN: I had no choice but to agree to his request.

ZH: 他因为生病不得已请了一天假。
EN: He had no choice but to take a day off because he was sick.

ZH: 在这种情况下，我不得已只能辞去工作。
EN: Under these circumstances, I had no choice but to resign from my job.

ZH: 我不得已向他道歉，尽管我并不觉得自己错了。
EN: I had no choice but to apologize to him, even though I didn't think I was wrong.

ZH: 他因为经济困难不得已卖掉了他的车。
EN: He had no choice but to sell his car because of financial difficulties.

ZH: 我不得已跟他继续合作，尽管我并不喜欢他。
EN: I had no choice but to continue working with him, even though I didn't like him.

ZH: 在这紧急情况下，我们不得已采取了这个措施。
EN: In this emergency situation, we had no choice but to take this measure.

ZH: 他不得已继续忍受着痛苦的生活。
EN: He had no choice but to continue enduring a life of pain.

ZH: 我不得已选择了这条艰难的路。
EN: I had no choice but to choose this difficult path.

ZH: 我不得已提出了离婚，因为我们的婚姻已经无法挽救。
EN: I had no choice but to file for divorce because our marriage was beyond repair.

ZH: 我不得已离开了家乡，来到这个陌生的城市。
EN: I had no choice but to leave my hometown and come to this unfamiliar city.

ZH: 在困难的情况下，他不得已放弃了自己的梦想。
EN: In difficult circumstances, he had no choice but to give up his dreams.

ZH: 我不得已接受了这个岗位，因为我需要一份工作。
EN: I had no choice but to accept this position because I needed a job.

ZH: 她因为工作忙碌不得已错过了儿子的生日派对。
EN: She had no choice but to miss her son's birthday party because of her busy work schedule.

ZH: 在这个危机时刻，我们不得已求助于外援。
EN: In this crisis moment, we had no choice but to seek outside assistance.

ZH: 我不得已向他借了一笔钱来支付账单。
EN: I had no choice but to borrow some money from him to pay the bill.

ZH: 在这种情况下，我们不得已采取了一些紧急措施。
EN: Under these circumstances, we had no choice but to take some emergency measures.

ZH: 因为天气恶劣，他不得已取消了户外活动。
EN: He had no choice but to cancel the outdoor activity because of the bad weather.

ZH: 我不得已选择了另一家公司，因为这里的工作环境不好。
EN: I had no choice but to choose another company because the work environment here was not good.

ZH: 在这个艰难的时刻，我们不得已寻求帮助。
EN: In this difficult moment, we had no choice but to seek help.
