ZH: 不必担心，一切都会好起来的。
EN: There's no need to worry, everything will be fine.

ZH: 不必感到孤独，我们会一直在你身边支持你。
EN: You don't have to feel lonely, we will always be here to support you.

ZH: 不必生气，他只是开个玩笑而已。
EN: There's no need to be angry, he was just joking.

ZH: 不必抱怨，只要努力工作，一切都会看到好结果。
EN: You don't have to complain, as long as you work hard, you will see good results.

ZH: 不必迟疑，现在就做决定吧。
EN: There's no need to hesitate, make a decision now.

ZH: 不必害怕失败，失败也是成功路上的一部分。
EN: You don't have to be afraid of failure, it's also part of the road to success.

ZH: 不必太过担心，一切都只是暂时的。
EN: There's no need to worry too much, everything is just temporary.

ZH: 不必回避问题，面对它们才能找到解决办法。
EN: You don't have to avoid problems, facing them is the only way to find solutions.

ZH: 不必随便相信别人，自己的判断力才是最重要的。
EN: There's no need to trust others easily, your own judgment is the most important.

ZH: 不必计较那么多，生活还有很多美好的事物。
EN: You don't have to worry about so much, there are still many wonderful things in life.

ZH: 不必嘲笑别人的努力，尊重每个人的付出。
EN: There's no need to mock others' efforts, respect everyone's contributions.

ZH: 不必强迫自己做不喜欢的事情，寻找自己的兴趣和激情。
EN: You don't have to force yourself to do things you don't like, find your own interests and passion.

ZH: 不必担心他人的评价，自己的价值不需要别人来认同。
EN: There's no need to worry about others' opinions, your own value doesn't need validation from others.

ZH: 不必回头看过去，前方的道路才更重要。
EN: You don't have to look back at the past, the road ahead is more important.

ZH: 不必懒惰，积极行动才能创造机会。
EN: There's no need to be lazy, taking positive actions can create opportunities.

ZH: 不必过于自责，每个人都有犯错的时候。
EN: You don't have to blame yourself too much, everyone makes mistakes.

ZH: 不必犹豫，做出决定才能前进。
EN: There's no need to hesitate, making a decision can move you forward.

ZH: 不必随波逐流，坚持自己的信念才是最重要的。
EN: You don't have to go with the flow, sticking to your beliefs is the most important.

ZH: 不必把快乐建立在他人的肯定之上，要学会独立发现生活的美好。
EN: There's no need to base your happiness on others' approval, learn to independently discover the beauty of life.
