ZH: 她是这个项目的领导者，完成这个任务对她来说不在话下。
EN: She is the leader of this project, completing this task is a piece of cake for her.

ZH: 对他来说，修理汽车不在话下，他能很快搞定。
EN: For him, repairing cars is a piece of cake, he can get it done quickly.

ZH: 对这位大厨来说，烹饪一顿完美的晚餐不在话下。
EN: For this chef, cooking a perfect dinner is a piece of cake.

ZH: 这道数学题对于那个天才学生来说不在话下。
EN: This math problem is a piece of cake for that genius student.

ZH: 对于一个有经验的摄影师来说，拍摄精美的照片不在话下。
EN: Taking beautiful photos is a piece of cake for an experienced photographer.

ZH: 这个任务对于那个有能力的经理来说并不在话下。
EN: This task is not a piece of cake for that capable manager.

ZH: 她对于公开演讲一点压力都没有，因为对她来说不在话下。
EN: She has no pressure in public speaking because it's a piece of cake for her.

ZH: 这个游泳比赛对于这位冠军选手来说不在话下。
EN: This swimming competition is a piece of cake for this champion athlete.

ZH: 对于那位资深教授来说，发表学术论文是轻而易举的。
EN: Publishing academic papers is a piece of cake for that senior professor.

ZH: 这位专业音乐家来完成这首曲子，不在话下。
EN: It's a piece of cake for this professional musician to complete this piece.

ZH: 他是个职业跑者，完成这个马拉松比赛对他来说不在话下。
EN: He is a professional runner, completing this marathon race is a piece of cake for him.

ZH: 这个旅行对于一个经验丰富的导游来说不在话下。
EN: This trip is a piece of cake for an experienced tour guide.

ZH: 裁缝能够很容易地缝制一套西装，这对他们来说不在话下。
EN: Tailors can easily sew a suit, it's a piece of cake for them.

ZH: 对于这位专业设计师来说，创作一个时尚系列不在话下。
EN: Creating a fashion collection is a piece of cake for this professional designer.

ZH: 学会怎么做这个魔术对于那个有技巧的魔术师来说不在话下。
EN: Learning how to do this magic trick is a piece of cake for that skilled magician.

ZH: 这个拼图对于那个拼图专家来说不在话下。
EN: This puzzle is a piece of cake for that puzzle expert.

ZH: 对于这个经验丰富的工程师来说，解决这个问题不在话下。
EN: Solving this problem is a piece of cake for this experienced engineer.

ZH: 这位专业运动员能够很容易地完成这个体能训练，对他来说不在话下。
EN: This professional athlete can easily complete this physical training, it's a piece of cake for him.

ZH: 对于这位有天分的艺术家来说，创作一幅画不在话下。
EN: Creating a painting is a piece of cake for this talented artist.

ZH: 对于这位年轻的天才来说，掌握这门语言不在话下。
EN: Mastering this language is a piece of cake for this young genius.
