ZH: 他不惜工本将公司的装修做得非常豪华。
EN: He spared no expense in making the company's decoration very luxurious.

ZH: 她对爱情不惜工本，总是为了爱情付出所有。
EN: She spares no expense in love, always giving everything for it.

ZH: 这个研究项目非常重要，我们不惜工本要确保其顺利完成。
EN: This research project is very important, and we spare no expense to ensure its successful completion.

ZH: 他的婚礼上人人都看得出他不惜工本。
EN: Everyone could see that he spared no expense at his wedding.

ZH: 这家企业不惜工本地推出了一款新产品。
EN: This company spared no expense in launching a new product.

ZH: 面对这个难题，我会不惜工本想方设法解决。
EN: Faced with this problem, I will spare no effort to find a solution.

ZH: 他为了考取研究生学位，不惜工本地努力备考。
EN: He spared no effort in preparing for the postgraduate entrance examination.

ZH: 这家餐厅的食材都是新鲜的，不惜工本为顾客提供高品质的食物。
EN: The ingredients in this restaurant are fresh, sparing no expense to provide customers with high-quality food.

ZH: 为了提高工作效率，我们不惜工本购置了一批新设备。
EN: In order to improve work efficiency, we spared no expense in purchasing a batch of new equipment.

ZH: 她对学业的追求不惜工本，每天都会花大量时间在学习上。
EN: She spares no effort in pursuing her academic studies, spending a lot of time studying every day.

ZH: 为了达到目标，他们不惜工本地加班加点。
EN: In order to achieve their goals, they spared no effort in working overtime.

ZH: 这间公司为员工提供了非常好的福利，不惜工本吸引人才。
EN: This company provides very good benefits to its employees, sparing no expense to attract talent.

ZH: 他对自己的外表非常在意，经常不惜工本在服装上花费很多钱。
EN: He is very concerned about his appearance and often spares no expense in spending a lot of money on clothing.

ZH: 这位音乐家的演出不惜工本，总是给观众带来精彩的表演。
EN: This musician's performances spare no effort, always bringing exciting performances to the audience.

ZH: 为了赢得这场比赛，他们不惜工本地进行了长时间的训练。
EN: In order to win this game, they spared no effort in conducting long training sessions.

ZH: 这家公司一向不惜工本地培训员工，确保他们不断提升。
EN: This company has always spared no expense in training employees to ensure their continuous improvement.

ZH: 这家酒店不惜工本提供贴心的服务，赢得了许多客人的好评。
EN: This hotel spares no expense in providing thoughtful service, winning praise from many guests.

ZH: 她和好友们不惜工本为她的生日聚会准备了许多惊喜。
EN: She and her friends spared no expense in preparing many surprises for her birthday party.

ZH: 即使前景不确定，他们也不惜工本乐观对待未来。
EN: Even though the future is uncertain, they spare no expense in looking optimistically towards the future.

ZH: 为了实现梦想，他们义无反顾，不惜工本地一直努力着。
EN: In order to achieve their dreams, they have been working tirelessly without hesitation, sparing no expense.
