ZH: 他为了帮助朋友，不惜冒险。
EN: He didn't hesitate to take risks in order to help his friend.

ZH: 这个人为了发财，不惜使用不正当的手段。
EN: This person didn't hesitate to use improper means in order to get rich.

ZH: 他为了提高自己的技术，不惜花大量的时间学习。
EN: He didn't hesitate to spend a lot of time studying in order to improve his skills.

ZH: 妈妈为了让我们吃得好，不惜辛苦地烹饪美食。
EN: Mom didn't hesitate to cook delicious food, working hard for us to eat.

ZH: 这家公司为了打开国际市场，不惜投入大量资金。
EN: This company didn't hesitate to invest a large amount of money in order to open up international markets.

ZH: 他为了实现梦想，不惜放弃稳定的工作。
EN: He didn't hesitate to give up a stable job in order to pursue his dreams.

ZH: 我们应该为了保护自然资源，不惜付出一切努力。
EN: We should spare no effort to protect natural resources.

ZH: 这位演员为了得到这个角色，不惜减肥十几斤。
EN: This actor didn't hesitate to lose over ten kilograms in order to get this role.

ZH: 他为了让孩子成为优秀的人，不惜付出一切代价。
EN: He didn't hesitate to pay any price in order for his child to become an outstanding person.

ZH: 这位医生为了拯救生命，不惜不眠不休地工作。
EN: This doctor didn't hesitate to work tirelessly day and night in order to save lives.

ZH: 他为了实现自己的目标，不惜放弃休息和娱乐。
EN: He didn't hesitate to give up rest and entertainment in order to achieve his goals.

ZH: 公司为了争取市场份额，不惜降低价格。
EN: The company didn't hesitate to lower prices in order to compete for market share.

ZH: 他为了获得冠军，不惜付出汗水和辛勤训练。
EN: He didn't hesitate to sweat and train hard in order to win the championship.

ZH: 我们为了保护环境，不惜改变生活方式。
EN: We didn't hesitate to change our lifestyle in order to protect the environment.

ZH: 她为了追求艺术，不惜放弃了一个稳定的工作。
EN: She didn't hesitate to give up a stable job in order to pursue art.

ZH: 他为了挽救这个项目，不惜用尽一切手段。
EN: He didn't hesitate to use all means in order to save this project.

ZH: 为了实现梦想，不惜一切代价。
EN: Spare no expense to achieve your dreams.

ZH: 这位演员为了角色的完美，不惜花费了很多时间去研究。
EN: This actor didn't hesitate to spend a lot of time researching in order to perfect his role.

ZH: 他为了让家人过上好日子，不惜努力工作。
EN: He didn't hesitate to work hard in order for his family to have a good life.

ZH: 为了弘扬传统文化，不惜付出一切努力。
EN: Spare no effort to promote traditional culture.
