ZH: 他为了达到目的，不择手段地利用了别人。
EN: In order to achieve his goal, he used others without scruple.

ZH: 为了保护自己利益，他们不择手段地诋毁竞争对手。
EN: In order to protect their own interests, they slandered their competitors without hesitation.

ZH: 那个团伙为了发展，不择手段地使用非法手段。
EN: That gang used illegal means without scruple for their own development.

ZH: 他们为了实现计划，不惜不择手段地胁迫他人。
EN: In order to implement their plan, they resorted to any means necessary to intimidate others.

ZH: 那个政客竞选的时候，不择手段地贿赂选民。
EN: That politician bribed voters without scruple during the election.

ZH: 这个恶势力团体为了谋取私利，不择手段地操控市场。
EN: This criminal organization manipulates the market without hesitation to seek personal gain.

ZH: 为了达成交易，他们不择手段地削减成本。
EN: In order to seal the deal, they cut costs without scruple.

ZH: 这个企业为了获得利润，不择手段地压榨劳动者。
EN: This company exploits its workers without hesitation in order to make profits.

ZH: 为了打败对手，他们不择手段地制造谣言。
EN: In order to defeat their opponents, they spread rumors without scruple.

ZH: 那个狡猾的商人为了获得更多利益，不择手段地欺骗顾客。
EN: That cunning businessman deceives customers without any scruples in order to gain more profit.

ZH: 这位明星为了保住自己的形象，不惜不择手段地封杀竞争者。
EN: This celebrity does whatever it takes to suppress competitors in order to maintain their image.

ZH: 那个犯罪团伙为了逃避警方追捕，不择手段地改变身份。
EN: That criminal gang changes identities without hesitation in order to evade the police pursuit.

ZH: 他为了博得妹妹的宠爱，不择手段地讨好她。
EN: In order to win his sister's favor, he tries to please her by any means necessary.

ZH: 那个权谋家为了争取权力，不惜不择手段地背叛盟友。
EN: That schemer betrays allies without hesitation in order to gain power.

ZH: 这个专制政权为了维护统治，不择手段地镇压异见者。
EN: This authoritarian regime suppresses dissidents without scruple in order to maintain its rule.

ZH: 他们为了改变社会格局，不惜不择手段地推翻现有制度。
EN: In order to change the social structure, they overthrow the existing system by any means necessary.

ZH: 那些恐怖分子为了实施恐怖袭击，不择手段地炸毁公共建筑。
EN: Those terrorists destroy public buildings without scruple in order to carry out terror attacks.

ZH: 为了获取机密信息，他们不择手段地黑客入侵了公司系统。
EN: In order to obtain confidential information, they hacked into the company's system without hesitation.

ZH: 那个嫉妒心强的人为了报复他人，不择手段地陷害他们。
EN: That jealous person frames others without scruple in order to seek revenge.

ZH: 为了争夺遗产，家庭成员不择手段地互相诋毁。
EN: In order to claim the inheritance, family members slander each other without scruple.
