ZH: 这家餐厅倒闭了，因为经济不景气。
EN: This restaurant closed down due to the economic downturn.

ZH: 今年的服装行业非常不景气。
EN: The clothing industry is very slow this year.

ZH: 他的生意受到不景气的影响，销售额大幅下降。
EN: His business was hit hard by the economic downturn, with sales dropping significantly.

ZH: 酒店行业因为旅游业不景气而受到冲击。
EN: The hotel industry has been impacted by the downturn in tourism.

ZH: 政府采取措施刺激经济，以改善不景气的状况。
EN: The government is taking measures to stimulate the economy and improve the downturn.

ZH: 许多工厂被迫裁员，因为不景气的市场需求导致产能过剩。
EN: Many factories have been forced to lay off workers due to the downturn in market demand leading to overcapacity.

ZH: 导致这场危机的主要原因之一是经济不景气。
EN: One of the main reasons for this crisis is the economic downturn.

ZH: 他的工资被减少了一半，因为公司正面临着不景气的局势。
EN: His salary was cut in half because the company is facing a downturn.

ZH: 这个行业已经连续几个月处于不景气状态。
EN: This industry has been in a downturn for several months in a row.

ZH: 这个国家的失业率正在上升，因为经济不景气。
EN: The unemployment rate in this country is on the rise due to the economic downturn.

ZH: 政府需要制定新政策来应对不景气的国内经济状况。
EN: The government needs to implement new policies to address the domestic economic situation in the downturn.

ZH: 许多人正在寻求新的工作机会，以应对不景气的市场。
EN: Many people are looking for new job opportunities to navigate the downturn in the market.

ZH: 这家工厂关门了，因为经济不景气。
EN: This factory shut down because of the economic downturn.

ZH: 经济不景气导致了公司的倒闭。
EN: The economic downturn led to the closure of the company.

ZH: 因为年底销售不景气，他们不得不取消了招聘计划。
EN: They had to cancel their hiring plans because of poor year-end sales.

ZH: 不景气的经济环境使得很多家庭陷入困境。
EN: The downturn in the economy has put many families in dire straits.

ZH: 由于市场不景气，他不得不延迟扩大生意的计划。
EN: He had to postpone his expansion plans due to the downturn in the market.

ZH: 他的公司遭受重大损失，因为经济不景气。
EN: His company suffered significant losses due to the economic downturn.

ZH: 不景气的行业将会面临更多挑战，需要采取有效措施应对。
EN: Downtrodden industries will face more challenges and need to take effective measures to address them.
