ZH: 他看到她，不由自主地笑了起来。
EN: He saw her and couldn't help but smile.
ZH: 她被他的诚意所打动，不由自主地答应了他的请求。
EN: She was moved by his sincerity and couldn't help but agree to his request.
ZH: 他听到那个笑话，不由自主地大笑起来。
EN: He heard that joke and couldn't help but burst into laughter.
ZH: 在美食面前，我总是忍不住地不由自主地吃得太多。
EN: In front of delicious food, I always can't help but eat too much.
ZH: 她看到那只可爱的小猫，不由自主地走上前去抚摸它。
EN: She saw the cute little cat and couldn't help but go up to pet it.
ZH: 他听到那首歌，不由自主地开始跳舞。
EN: He heard that song and couldn't help but start dancing.
ZH: 在他的推动下，她不由自主地站了起来。
EN: Under his influence, she couldn't help but stand up.
ZH: 我被她天使般的笑容所吸引，不由自主地爱上了她。
EN: I was attracted by her angelic smile and couldn't help but fall in love with her.
ZH: 在那座壮观的山脉面前，他不由自主地感到自己的渺小。
EN: In front of that magnificent mountain range, he couldn't help but feel his insignificance.
ZH: 我在那个工作环境中太受压力，不由自主地产生了离职的念头。
EN: I was under too much pressure in that work environment and couldn't help but think about quitting.
ZH: 他在酒精的作用下，不由自主地说出了一些他平时不敢说的话。
EN: Under the influence of alcohol, he couldn't help but say some things he wouldn't normally dare to say.
ZH: 那个吸引人的广告不由自主地吸引了我的注意力。
EN: That captivating advertisement attracted my attention involuntarily.
ZH: 当他听到老人的故事时，他不由自主地流下了眼泪。
EN: When he heard the old man's story, he couldn't help but shed tears.
ZH: 她看到那位艺术家的作品时，不由自主地赞叹其才华。
EN: When she saw the artist's work, she couldn't help but admire his talent.
ZH: 面对那个挑衅，他不由自主地愤怒了起来。
EN: Faced with that provocation, he couldn't help but get angry.
ZH: 虽然答案显而易见，但他还是不由自主地问了一个愚蠢的问题。
EN: Although the answer was obvious, he still couldn't help but ask a stupid question.
ZH: 当他们争吵起来时，我不由自主地站了起来，试图平息局势。
EN: When they started arguing, I couldn't help but stand up, trying to calm the situation.
ZH: 虽然他知道这样做是不对的，但他还是不由自主地犯了同样的错误。
EN: Although he knew it was wrong to do so, he still couldn't help but make the same mistake.
ZH: 那个可怕的噪音让我不由自主地捂住了耳朵。
EN: The terrible noise made me involuntarily cover my ears.
ZH: 在那沉默的时刻，他们不由自主地紧紧拥抱在一起。
EN: In that silent moment, they couldn't help but embrace each other tightly.
