ZH: 他见到这个小狗的时候，不由地笑了起来。
EN: When he saw the puppy, he couldn't help but laugh.
ZH: 在这个寒冷的冬天，我不由地打了个寒战。
EN: In this cold winter, I couldn't help but shiver.
ZH: 看到她那么伤心的表情，我不由地心疼起来。
EN: Seeing her so sad, I couldn't help but feel heartbroken.
ZH: 这个好消息让我不由自主地跳了起来。
EN: The good news made me jump up involuntarily.
ZH: 看到这幅美丽的景色，我不由自主地拍了照片。
EN: Seeing this beautiful scenery, I couldn't help but take a picture.
ZH: 经历了这么多困难，他不由自主地变得坚强起来。
EN: After going through so many difficulties, he couldn't help but become stronger.
ZH: 他的笑容是那么的灿烂，不由让周围的人都感到快乐。
EN: His smile was so radiant that it couldn't help but make everyone around him happy.
ZH: 看到这个令人惊讶的瞬间，我不由自主地合上了书。
EN: Seeing this astonishing moment, I couldn't help but close the book.
ZH: 那个孩子的勇气让人不由自主地佩服。
EN: The courage of that child is admirable, making one involuntarily admire.
ZH: 看到这么多人努力工作，我不由自主地也感到了动力。
EN: Seeing so many people working hard, I couldn't help but feel motivated as well.
ZH: 这个故事非常感人，看完之后我不由自主地掉下眼泪。
EN: This story is very touching, and after reading it, I couldn't help but shed tears.
ZH: 他表演得如此出色，不由赢得了观众们的掌声。
EN: He performed so well that he couldn't help but win the applause of the audience.
ZH: 这些孩子的天赋让人不由自主地为他们感到骄傲。
EN: The talents of these children make one involuntarily feel proud of them.
ZH: 她的坚持不懈让人不由自主地钦佩。
EN: Her perseverance makes one involuntarily admire her.
ZH: 看到他这样一本正经的模样，我不由地笑了出来。
EN: Seeing him with such a serious look, I couldn't help but burst into laughter.
ZH: 这个笑话实在太搞笑了，不由让我捧腹大笑。
EN: This joke is really hilarious, making me unable to help laughing out loud.
ZH: 彩虹出现在天空上，我不由自主地停下脚步欣赏。
EN: The rainbow appeared in the sky, and I couldn't help but stop and admire it.
ZH: 看到这么棒的成绩，我不由自主地为他骄傲。
EN: Seeing such excellent results, I couldn't help but feel proud of him.
ZH: 在这个美丽的夏天，不由地喜欢上了户外运动。
EN: In this beautiful summer, I couldn't help but fall in love with outdoor activities.
ZH: 看到他们那么恩爱的模样，我不由感觉自己也渴望拥有爱情。
EN: Seeing their loving appearance, I couldn't help but feel a desire for love myself.
