ZH: 这家商店有各种各样的商品，不胜枚举。
EN: This store has a wide variety of products, the list is endless.

ZH: 这座城市有许多美丽的景点，不胜枚举。
EN: This city has many beautiful attractions, the list goes on and on.

ZH: 这本小说的情节复杂多样，不胜枚举。
EN: The plot of this novel is complex and varied, the list is endless.

ZH: 这家餐厅的菜单上有各种各样的菜，不胜枚举。
EN: This restaurant's menu has a wide variety of dishes, the list goes on and on.

ZH: 这个城市有许多有趣的活动，不胜枚举。
EN: This city has many interesting activities, the list is endless.

ZH: 这个国家的文化遗产丰富多样，不胜枚举。
EN: This country has a rich and diverse cultural heritage, the list goes on and on.

ZH: 这部电影的镜头处理精彩纷呈，不胜枚举。
EN: The camera work in this movie is outstanding and varied, the list is endless.

ZH: 这次活动的参与者众多，不胜枚举。
EN: The participants in this event are numerous, the list goes on and on.

ZH: 这本书的作者引用了许多权威资料，不胜枚举。
EN: The author of this book cited many authoritative sources, the list is endless.

ZH: 这个公司的产品种类繁多，不胜枚举。
EN: This company has a wide range of products, the list goes on and on.

ZH: 这所大学的优秀教授有很多，不胜枚举。
EN: This university has many outstanding professors, the list is endless.

ZH: 这个展览的参展艺术家众多，不胜枚举。
EN: The artists participating in this exhibition are numerous, the list goes on and on.

ZH: 这个领域的研究成果丰富多彩，不胜枚举。
EN: The research results in this field are rich and colorful, the list is endless.

ZH: 这些公共设施的建设成果丰硕，不胜枚举。
EN: The achievements in the construction of these public facilities are abundant, the list goes on and on.

ZH: 这部动画片的角色设计各具特色，不胜枚举。
EN: The characters in this animated film are uniquely designed, the list is endless.

ZH: 这项工程的实施方案详细而全面，不胜枚举。
EN: The implementation plan for this project is detailed and comprehensive, the list goes on and on.

ZH: 这个社区的服务设施丰富多样，不胜枚举。
EN: The community has a wide variety of service facilities, the list is endless.

ZH: 这家公司的创新项目层出不穷，不胜枚举。
EN: This company has a constant stream of innovative projects, the list goes on and on.

ZH: 这座城市的地标建筑令人垂涎，不胜枚举。
EN: The landmark buildings in this city are breathtaking, the list is endless.

ZH: 这个网络平台上的用户数量庞大，不胜枚举。
EN: The number of users on this online platform is massive, the list goes on and on.
