ZH: 他为了实现梦想，不顾一切地努力工作。
EN: He worked hard, disregarding everything, in order to achieve his dreams.

ZH: 她不顾一切地照顾家人。
EN: She took care of her family, disregarding everything else.

ZH: 他对生活的决心使他不顾一切地战胜困难。
EN: His determination to life enabled him to overcome difficulties at all costs.

ZH: 我们应该不顾一切地保护环境。
EN: We should protect the environment at all costs.

ZH: 即使面临失败的可能，他仍然不顾一切地追求幸福。
EN: He still pursued happiness at all costs, even facing the possibility of failure.

ZH: 这个英勇的战士为了守护国土，不顾一切地奋战。
EN: The brave soldier fought relentlessly, disregarding everything, to defend the homeland.

ZH: 妈妈不顾一切地照料生病的孩子。
EN: The mother took care of her sick child, disregarding everything else.

ZH: 他为了完成任务，不顾一切地奋力工作。
EN: He worked hard, disregarding everything, in order to complete the mission.

ZH: 兄弟俩为了争夺遗产，不顾一切地互相斗争。
EN: The two brothers fought each other relentlessly, disregarding everything, in order to inherit the fortune.

ZH: 他不顾一切地追求自由和平等。
EN: He pursued freedom and equality at all costs.

ZH: 虽然经历了许多困难，他仍然不顾一切地坚持下去。
EN: Despite facing numerous difficulties, he persevered at all costs.

ZH: 她为了爱情，不顾一切地放弃了一切。
EN: She abandoned everything for love, disregarding all else.

ZH: 这个公司为了扩大市场份额，不顾一切地降低了价格。
EN: The company lowered its prices at all costs in order to expand its market share.

ZH: 在事业成功的道路上，他不顾一切地追求金钱和权力。
EN: On the path of career success, he pursued money and power at all costs.

ZH: 她为了迎接新挑战，不顾一切地辞去了安逸的工作。
EN: She quit her comfortable job, disregarding everything, to embrace new challenges.

ZH: 为了实现目标，他不顾一切地学习和努力工作。
EN: In order to achieve his goals, he studied and worked hard at all costs.

ZH: 虽然受到了批评，他仍然不顾一切地坚持自己的信念。
EN: Despite facing criticism, he still persisted in his beliefs at all costs.

ZH: 他为了争夺冠军，不顾一切地进行了艰苦训练。
EN: He underwent rigorous training at all costs in order to compete for the championship.

ZH: 在困难的境地，他不顾一切地寻找解决办法。
EN: In difficult situations, he sought solutions at all costs.

ZH: 为了保护家人，他不顾一切地冒险。
EN: He took risks at all costs to protect his family.
