ZH: 这幅画真丑陋，一点美感都没有。
EN: This painting is really ugly, it has no sense of beauty at all.

ZH: 她长得很丑陋，没有人愿意跟她交往。
EN: She looks very ugly, no one wants to be in a relationship with her.

ZH: 这个建筑物的外观相当丑陋，没有任何艺术价值。
EN: The appearance of this building is quite ugly, it has no artistic value at all.

ZH: 这本小说的主人公形容得非常丑陋，让人感到不舒服。
EN: The protagonist in this novel is described as extremely ugly, which makes people feel uncomfortable.

ZH: 那只狗长得太丑陋了，我不敢靠近它。
EN: That dog looks too ugly, I dare not get close to it.

ZH: 这座雕塑真是太丑陋了，完全不符合艺术标准。
EN: This sculpture is really too ugly, it completely does not meet artistic standards.

ZH: 他的衣服搭配得非常丑陋，没有一点品味。
EN: His clothes are matched very ugly, there is no taste at all.

ZH: 这间房间的布置真是丑陋不堪，一点也不温馨。
EN: The layout of this room is really ugly and not at all cozy.

ZH: 这幅雨景画太丑陋了，没有表现出雨的美感。
EN: This rainy landscape painting is so ugly, it does not show the beauty of rain at all.

ZH: 她的声音听起来很丑陋，像个破烂的吵嗓子。
EN: Her voice sounds very ugly, like a broken loudspeaker.

ZH: 这支唇膏的颜色实在是太丑陋了，一点也不适合我的肤色。
EN: The color of this lipstick is really too ugly, it doesn't suit my skin tone at all.

ZH: 他的体貌特征非常丑陋，像是从怪物电影中走出来的。
EN: His physical features are extremely ugly, like he walked out of a monster movie.

ZH: 这个风景名胜区的土地被破坏得丑陋不堪，一点美丽都没有了。
EN: The land in this scenic area has been destroyed to the point of being ugly, there is no beauty left.

ZH: 这间酒店的装修实在是太丑陋了，根本没有豪华的感觉。
EN: The decoration of this hotel is really too ugly, it doesn't give a luxurious feeling at all.

ZH: 这个城市的下水道系统非常丑陋，需要进行重新设计。
EN: The sewer system in this city is very ugly and needs to be redesigned.

ZH: 她的手写字实在是太丑陋了，完全看不清楚。
EN: Her handwriting is really too ugly, it's completely illegible.

ZH: 这个小镇的建筑风格非常丑陋，没有一点美感。
EN: The architectural style of this town is very ugly, there is no sense of beauty at all.

ZH: 他的笑容看起来十分丑陋，让人感到不自在。
EN: His smile looks extremely ugly, it makes people feel uncomfortable.

ZH: 这幅油画的色彩搭配真是太丑陋了，一点艺术价值都没有。
EN: The color combination of this oil painting is really too ugly, it has no artistic value at all.

ZH: 这个女演员的妆容太丑陋了，看上去像个妖怪。
EN: The makeup of this actress is too ugly, she looks like a monster.
