ZH: 她很会社交，见多识广，对世面很了解。
EN: She is very good at networking, well-traveled, and knowledgeable about the world.

ZH: 他是个乡下人，还没见过大世面。
EN: He is a country bumpkin and has not seen much of the world yet.

ZH: 这个讲座很有意思，让我开眼界，见识了更广阔的世面。
EN: This lecture was very interesting and opened my eyes to a wider world.

ZH: 她在国外留学多年，看到了不同的文化和世面。
EN: She studied abroad for many years and saw different cultures and the world.

ZH: 我们应该多出去走走，看看不同的世面。
EN: We should go out more and see different aspects of the world.

ZH: 这个社交圈子很小，见识的世面比较有限。
EN: This social circle is very small, so the exposure to the world is limited.

ZH: 她去过很多国家，开阔了眼界，见识了不同的世面。
EN: She has been to many countries, broadening her horizons and experiencing different aspects of the world.

ZH: 在这个行业里工作多年，他已经看透了行业内外的世面。
EN: Working in this industry for many years, he has seen through the inside and outside of the industry.

ZH: 这次旅行给他带来了新的机遇，让他见识了更广泛的世面。
EN: This trip brought him new opportunities and let him see a broader spectrum of the world.

ZH: 他在商业领域有很多经验，见过的世面也比较广。
EN: He has a lot of experience in the business field and has seen a wide range of the world.

ZH: 通过读书，我们可以了解更多的知识，开阔自己的世面。
EN: Through reading, we can gain more knowledge and broaden our horizons.

ZH: 他一直在国外工作，接触到了不同的文化，看到了世面。
EN: He has been working abroad and has been exposed to different cultures, experiencing the world.

ZH: 去见识不同的思想和观念，可以拓展我们的世面。
EN: Exposing ourselves to different thoughts and ideas can broaden our horizons.

ZH: 参加这次活动能够和不同行业的人互动，拓展自己的世面。
EN: Participating in this event allows interaction with people from different industries, expanding one's horizons.

ZH: 他一直待在家乡，对外面的世面并不了解。
EN: He has been staying in his hometown and doesn't know much about the outside world.

ZH: 看书可以拓宽我们的世面，了解更多的文化。
EN: Reading can broaden our horizons and help us understand more cultures.

ZH: 通过实地考察，我们能够更深入地了解不同地方的世面。
EN: Through field research, we can have a deeper understanding of the different aspects of different places.

ZH: 只待在自己的圈子里不好，应该多出去看看不同的世面。
EN: It is not good to stay in our own circle; we should go out and see different aspects of the world.

ZH: 参加国际赛事让他开阔了眼界，见到了更广阔的世面。
EN: Participating in international events broadened his horizons and exposed him to a wider world.

ZH: 这个社区很封闭，大家应该有机会去看看外面的世面。
EN: This community is very closed off, and everyone should have the chance to see beyond its boundaries.
