ZH: 这个城市的中央广场非常热闹。
EN: The central square of this city is very lively.

ZH: 我们公司的会议室位于大楼的中央部分。
EN: Our company's conference room is located in the central part of the building.

ZH: 夏天的时候，中央空调真的很重要。
EN: Central air conditioning is really important in summer.

ZH: 我们班级的中央学习区域有很多书籍和资源。
EN: Our class's central learning area has many books and resources.

ZH: 这个公园的中央有个漂亮的喷泉。
EN: There is a beautiful fountain in the center of this park.

ZH: 老师说的话都是中央的指导方针。
EN: The teacher's words are all the central guiding principles.

ZH: 我每天上班都要经过这个城市的中央火车站。
EN: I pass by the central train station of this city every day on my way to work.

ZH: 各个部门之间需要中央协调来解决问题。
EN: Central coordination is needed among various departments to solve problems.

ZH: 这家餐厅的位置处于城市的中央地带。
EN: This restaurant is located in the central area of the city.

ZH: 政府的中央机构负责制定国家政策。
EN: The central government agencies are responsible for formulating national policies.

ZH: 她在公司的中央领导小组中担任要职。
EN: She holds an important position in the central leadership group of the company.

ZH: 这个国家的宪法将权力分为中央和地方两个层级。
EN: The constitution of this country divides power into central and local levels.

ZH: 在中央银行工作需要具备一定的经济背景知识。
EN: Working in the central bank requires a certain level of economic background knowledge.

ZH: 我们学校的图书馆位置处于校园的中央位置。
EN: Our school library is located in the central area of the campus.

ZH: 基于中央的要求，我们需要加强安全检查措施。
EN: Based on the central requirements, we need to strengthen security inspection measures.

ZH: 这个国家的经济发展中事实上是由中央计划主导的。
EN: In fact, the economic development of this country is centrally planned.

ZH: 中央领导人的讲话对于国家的发展具有重要影响力。
EN: The speeches of central leaders have a significant influence on the country's development.

ZH: 这个公司总部设在国家的中央城市。
EN: The headquarters of this company is located in the central city of the country.

ZH: 他是中央委员会的成员，负责处理一些重大事务。
EN: He is a member of the central committee and is responsible for handling major affairs.

ZH: 这个电视节目的收视率一直居于全国中央位置。
EN: The TV program's ratings have always been at the central position nationwide.
