ZH: 刚才我被中邪了，现在头疼得厉害。
EN: I just got "zhong xie" and now I have a terrible headache.
ZH: 他中邪了，脸色苍白，浑身发冷。
EN: He is "zhong xie" - his face is pale and he's shivering.
ZH: 昨天晚上我被中邪了，整晚都没睡好。
EN: I got "zhong xie" last night and couldn't sleep well the whole night.
ZH: 这种情况很可能是中邪了，请尽快去医院检查。
EN: This situation could be "zhong xie," please go to the hospital for a check-up as soon as possible.
ZH: 我家儿子中邪了，快点给他找一位中医师治疗吧。
EN: My son got "zhong xie," quickly find him a Chinese medicine practitioner to treat him.
ZH: 他被中邪后，腹痛得不行，只能躺在床上。
EN: After getting "zhong xie," he had severe stomachache and could only lie on the bed.
ZH: 中医师说他中邪了，让他吃些草药来疏解寒气。
EN: The Chinese medicine practitioner said he had "zhong xie" and advised him to take some herbal medicine to dispel the cold.
ZH: 我出去的时候没带雨伞，结果中邪了，淋了一身雨。
EN: I went out without an umbrella and got "zhong xie," ending up soaked in rain.
ZH: 星期四的时候，他突然感到自己被中邪了，开始发烧。
EN: On Thursday, he suddenly felt "zhong xie" and started to have a fever.
ZH: 他昨天中邪了，今天整天都害怕见到镜子。
EN: He got "zhong xie" yesterday and has been afraid of seeing mirrors all day.
ZH: 我姑姑中邪了，昨天晚上在家闹鬼了。
EN: My aunt got "zhong xie" and there were supernatural occurrences in her house last night.
ZH: 妈妈被中邪了，刚才晕倒在地，吓死我了。
EN: Mom got "zhong xie" and just fainted on the ground. It scared me to death.
ZH: 昨天我被中邪了，整晚都有恶梦。
EN: I got "zhong xie" yesterday and had nightmares the whole night.
ZH: 他中邪了，现在嘴里直冒馊气，没食欲。
EN: He is "zhong xie" - his mouth is emitting a foul odor, and he has no appetite.
ZH: 这个冷笑话太邪门了，听了之后我感觉自己中了邪。
EN: This dark joke is too eerie; I felt like I got "zhong xie" after hearing it.
ZH: 她昨天被中邪了，一整天都无精打采的。
EN: She got "zhong xie" yesterday and was feeling listless the whole day.
ZH: 昨天晚上我看了一部灵异电影，导致我整晚中邪。
EN: I watched a supernatural movie last night, which led to me getting "zhong xie" the whole night.
ZH: 听说这个房子闹鬼，进去的人容易中邪。
EN: It is said that people who enter this haunted house are prone to getting "zhong xie."
ZH: 我的同事说他中邪了，开始相信神秘的力量。
EN: My colleague said he got "zhong xie" and has started to believe in supernatural forces.
ZH: 这种病决不可轻视，要赶快治疗，别让中邪恶化。
EN: This illness should never be underestimated; it must be treated promptly to prevent the "zhong xie" from worsening.
