ZH: 春节临近了，我们准备好要放鞭炮了。
EN: Spring Festival is approaching, we are ready to set off fireworks.

ZH: 周末临近了，我计划去爬山放松一下。
EN: The weekend is drawing near, I plan to go hiking to relax.

ZH: 夏天临近了，我们要开始去海滩游泳了。
EN: Summer is approaching, we will start going swimming at the beach.

ZH: 最后期限临近了，我必须赶快完成这个报告。
EN: The deadline is approaching, I must finish this report quickly.

ZH: 真的不知道考试临近了，还有那么多没有复习的知识。
EN: I really didn't realize the exams were approaching, there is so much material left to review.

ZH: 整个城市临近大火，居民们被迫紧急疏散。
EN: The whole city was approaching a big fire, residents were forced to evacuate urgently.

ZH: 国庆节临近了，我们打算和家人一起去旅行。
EN: National Day is approaching, we plan to go on a trip with our family.

ZH: 刚刚看到大雨临近了，我赶紧拿起晾在外面的衣服。
EN: I just saw that heavy rain was approaching, I quickly picked up the clothes hanging outside.

ZH: 晚上临近了，我们打算去电影院看一部新电影。
EN: Evening is approaching, we plan to go to the cinema to watch a new movie.

ZH: 昨天汽车燃油临近空了，我赶紧去加了一箱油。
EN: Yesterday the car fuel was running low, I quickly went and added a full tank.

ZH: 冬天临近了，我们要准备给家里装修保暖。
EN: Winter is approaching, we need to prepare to insulate our home.

ZH: 看了天气预报，明天酷暑将临近，我们都会热死。
EN: After checking the weather forecast, it said that scorching heat would be approaching tomorrow, we will all melt.

ZH: 面试临近了，我非常紧张，不知道怎么准备。
EN: The job interview is approaching, I am very nervous and don't know how to prepare.

ZH: 刚刚听到他的婚礼临近了，我得准备送他一份礼物。
EN: I just heard that his wedding is approaching, I need to prepare a gift for him.

ZH: 月底临近了，我们要准备支付账单了。
EN: The end of the month is approaching, we need to prepare to pay our bills.

ZH: 现在临近午夜，大家都努力复习考试。
EN: It's almost midnight now, everyone is studying hard for the exams.

ZH: 聚会临近了，我要整理房间，准备迎接客人。
EN: The party is approaching, I need to tidy up the room and prepare to welcome the guests.

ZH: 这个地区即将临近洪水，居民们正在紧急转移。
EN: This area is about to face a flood, residents are being evacuated urgently.

ZH: 过年临近了，我得买些年货准备给家人。
EN: The Lunar New Year is approaching, I need to buy some festive groceries for my family.

ZH: 快递临近了，我等着收到我的包裹。
EN: The delivery is approaching, I'm waiting to receive my package.
