ZH: 他原本是个良民，可是最近为非作歹，连邻居都开始怕他了。
EN: He used to be a good citizen, but recently he's been engaging in criminal activities and even his neighbors are starting to fear him.

ZH: 这个学生以前成绩很好，怎么突然就为非作歹了？
EN: This student used to have good grades, how did he suddenly start getting involved in criminal activities?

ZH: 那个公司老板为非作歹，最后被查封。
EN: The boss of that company engaged in criminal activities and was eventually shut down.

ZH: 这个小偷为非作歹，被警察抓住了。
EN: This thief engaged in criminal activities and was caught by the police.

ZH: 她不该为非作歹，现在后悔都来不及了。
EN: She shouldn't have engaged in criminal activities, now it's too late to regret.

ZH: 这个黑帮成员经常为非作歹，给社区带来很多麻烦。
EN: This gang member frequently engages in criminal activities, causing a lot of trouble for the community.

ZH: 他为非作歹的事情被媒体曝光了，声誉一落千丈。
EN: His criminal activities were exposed by the media, causing a huge blow to his reputation.

ZH: 这个诈骗团伙一直在为非作歹，不知道还会骗多少人。
EN: This scam ring has been engaging in criminal activities all the time, who knows how many more people they will cheat.

ZH: 那伙人在为非作歹的时候，没想到会被警察抓住。
EN: When those people were engaging in criminal activities, they didn't expect to be caught by the police.

ZH: 他的为非作歹的行为让家人为他感到羞耻。
EN: His criminal activities have brought shame to his family.

ZH: 你不能为非作歹，这不好。
EN: You can't engage in criminal activities, it's not good.

ZH: 不要再为非作歹了，要好好做人。
EN: Don't engage in criminal activities anymore, be a good person.

ZH: 他们为非作歹抢了很多钱。
EN: They engaged in criminal activities and stole a lot of money.

ZH: 这家公司为非作歹导致了很多投资者的损失。
EN: This company's criminal activities have caused a lot of losses for investors.

ZH: 这个团伙为非作歹，抢了珠宝店。
EN: This gang engaged in criminal activities and robbed a jewelry store.

ZH: 为非作歹会给你带来很大的麻烦。
EN: Engaging in criminal activities will bring you a lot of trouble.

ZH: 做人要讲道德，不要为非作歹。
EN: You should be moral and not engage in criminal activities.

ZH: 别因为朋友的影响而为非作歹。
EN: Don't engage in criminal activities because of peer pressure.

ZH: 这个骗子因为为非作歹而被抓住。
EN: This scammer was caught because of engaging in criminal activities.

ZH: 必须严惩为非作歹的人。
EN: People who engage in criminal activities must be severely punished.
