ZH: 这种认识层次，乃至这么一个简单性命的关系，我觉得都没有定义好。
EN: This level of understanding, even such a simple relationship, I don't think has been defined properly.

ZH: 他可以决然认定某些事情，乃至是在现象面前亘古的现实。
EN: He can definitively affirm certain things, even in the face of the eternal reality of phenomena.

ZH: 这位社会学家的评论是令人担忧的，乃至尊重或关心都没有。
EN: The sociologist's comments are worrying, to the point where there is no respect or concern.

ZH: 心理上的疾病能够影响到身体，乃至致使身体的某些病变。
EN: Psychological illnesses can affect the body, to the extent of causing certain physical conditions.

ZH: 她的努力获得了成功，乃至是在遇到重重困难的情况下。
EN: Her efforts have led to success, even in the face of great difficulties.

ZH: 连孩子都知道这样的问题的答案，乃至机器都能够解决。
EN: Even children know the answer to such a question, to the extent that even machines can solve it.

ZH: 他的话让大家感到尴尬，乃至有些人感到震惊。
EN: His words made everyone feel embarrassed, to the point where some were shocked.

ZH: 这个计划的执行结果一言难尽，乃至有些人不愿接受真相。
EN: The results of this plan's implementation are difficult to put into words, to the extent that some people are unwilling to accept the truth.

ZH: 这位学者的研究发现令人震惊，乃至引发了大家对社会问题的深思。
EN: The scholar's research findings were shocking, to the point of sparking deep reflection on social issues.

ZH: 知识就是力量，乃至可以改变一个人的命运。
EN: Knowledge is power, to the extent that it can change a person's destiny.

ZH: 社会的变迁带来了许多问题，乃至造成人们的生活质量下降。
EN: The changes in society have brought about many problems, to the point of lowering people's quality of life.

ZH: 这种观点缺乏根据，乃至没有任何理论支撑。
EN: This viewpoint lacks basis, to the extent of having no theoretical support.

ZH: 在科技发展的大潮中，个人隐私乃至生活权利都受到了一定的威胁。
EN: In the wave of technological development, personal privacy and even the right to life are threatened to a certain extent.

ZH: 这个国家的政府腐败到了极点，乃至让人民生活陷入困境。
EN: The government of this country is corrupt to the extreme, to the point of causing people's lives to fall into hardship.

ZH: 道德水平的下降乃至导致了社会秩序的混乱。
EN: The decline in moral standards even leads to the chaos of social order.

ZH: 在这种情况下，只能依赖自己乃至能力发挥出来。
EN: In this situation, one can only rely on oneself to the extent of utilizing their abilities.

ZH: 这个事件的严重性乃至让人们感到恐慌。
EN: The severity of this event even causes people to feel panic.

ZH: 社会不公平现象乃至引发了民众的强烈不满。
EN: The phenomenon of social injustice even provokes strong dissatisfaction among the public.

ZH: 这种态度乃至引起了他人的误解。
EN: This attitude even causes misunderstandings among others.

ZH: 他的言行乃至在最亲近的人面前也让人们开始怀疑他的真实想法。
EN: His words and actions even make people start to doubt his true thoughts in front of his closest friends.
