ZH: 他一直工作努力，乃至于晚上都加班。
EN: He works hard all the time, even working overtime in the evening.

ZH: 这座城市的发展迅速，乃至于吸引了大量的外来人口。
EN: The city has developed rapidly, even attracting a large number of migrants.

ZH: 她的热情和努力工作态度，乃至于让她成为了公司的领导。
EN: Her enthusiasm and hard work ethic have made her a leader in the company.

ZH: 孩子们在学习上的进步，乃至于让他们的父母感到非常骄傲。
EN: The children's progress in their studies has made their parents very proud.

ZH: 他对音乐的热爱，乃至于让他成为了一名出色的音乐家。
EN: His love for music has made him a great musician.

ZH: 这家公司的影响力逐渐扩大，乃至于成为了行业的领导者。
EN: The company's influence has been growing steadily, becoming a leader in the industry.

ZH: 她的才华和努力，乃至于让她获得了很多奖项。
EN: Her talent and hard work have earned her many awards.

ZH: 这次活动的成功，乃至于吸引了全球的关注。
EN: The success of this event has attracted global attention.

ZH: 这位演员的表演水平很高，乃至于被誉为当代的影视巨星。
EN: This actor's performance level is very high, even regarded as a contemporary movie star.

ZH: 这本书的影响力乃至于超出了作者的预期。
EN: The influence of this book has exceeded the author's expectations.

ZH: 学生们的创造力和想象力，乃至于让老师们感到惊讶。
EN: The students' creativity and imagination have surprised the teachers.

ZH: 她的坚持不懈和努力学习，乃至于获得了顶级大学的录取通知。
EN: Her persistence and hard work have earned her acceptance into a top university.

ZH: 这家公司的品质乃至于让消费者对其信任有加。
EN: The company's quality has made consumers trust it even more.

ZH: 这个项目的影响力乃至于触及了全国各地。
EN: The impact of this project has reached all over the country.

ZH: 他的学识渊博，乃至于成为了学术界的权威人士。
EN: His vast knowledge has made him an authority in the academic community.

ZH: 这次演讲的深刻内容乃至于让听众留下了深刻的印象。
EN: The profound content of this speech has left a deep impression on the audience.

ZH: 这部电影的制作水平乃至于获得了奥斯卡奖的认可。
EN: The production level of this film has been recognized by the Oscars.

ZH: 她的关爱和温暖的态度乃至于感动了所有的同事。
EN: Her care and warm attitude have touched all of her colleagues.

ZH: 他的耐心和细心乃至于解决了这个复杂的问题。
EN: His patience and attention to detail have solved this complex problem.

ZH: 这次考试的难度乃至于让学生们都感到很紧张。
EN: The difficulty of this exam has made students very nervous.
