ZH: 久仰大名，终于见到您了。
EN: I have long heard of your great reputation and am finally meeting you.

ZH: 久仰先生的高尚品德。
EN: I have long admired Mr. X's noble character.

ZH: 久仰您的才华，真是仰慕不已。
EN: I have long admired your talent and truly admire it.

ZH: 久仰大佬的风采，如今终于有幸一睹。
EN: I've long admired the prowess of the bigwig, and now I'm lucky enough to see it.

ZH: 久仰阁下的名声，今日有幸一睹。
EN: I have long heard of your Excellency's reputation, and today I have the pleasure of seeing it.

ZH: 久仰贵公司的盛誉，希望今晚能与贵公司合作。
EN: I have long admired your company's reputation and hope to work with it tonight.

ZH: 久仰门下神功，今日有幸请教。
EN: I have long heard of your awesome skills, and today I am honored to ask for your guidance.

ZH: 久仰贵国的传统文化，怀着崇敬之心前来。
EN: I have long admired the traditional culture of your country and come with reverence.

ZH: 久仰大师的名号，今日得一睹真容。
EN: I have long heard of the master's name and today I have a chance to see his true face.

ZH: 久仰门下风采，今日有幸一睹。
EN: I have long admired the prowess under your door, and today I am honored to see it.

ZH: 久仰贵幕府之名，今日有幸得见。
EN: I have long heard of your honorable court's name, and today I have the pleasure of seeing it firsthand.

ZH: 久仰阁下的声誉，今日得以亲见。
EN: I have long admired Your Excellency's reputation, and today I am able to see it in person.

ZH: 久仰前辈的风采，如今得以一睹真容。
EN: I have long admired the senior's prowess and now I am able to see his true face.

ZH: 久仰贵社的盛名，特此前来一睹为快。
EN: I have long admired your company's reputation and have come here for a closer look.

ZH: 久仰道长高名，今日得以见所未见。
EN: I have long admired the Taoist priest's good name, and today I am able to see the unseen.

ZH: 久仰名师的风采，今日有幸见识。
EN: I have long admired the master's prowess and am now lucky enough to experience it.

ZH: 久仰大侠之名，今日有幸一睹为快。
EN: I have long admired the name of the hero and today I have the pleasure of seeing it.

ZH: 久仰阁下的盛名，今日终于得见阁下。
EN: I have long admired your Excellency's good name, and today I finally see you.

ZH: 久仰国宝的传世之宝，如今得幸一见。
EN: I have long admired the treasure of the country and now I am fortunate to see it.

ZH: 久仰神秘道士的传说，今日得以见面。
EN: I have long heard of the legendary Taoist priest and today I have the chance to meet him.
