ZH: 我们刚开始的时候可能不习惯，但久而久之，就会适应的。
EN: We may not be used to it at first, but over time we will adapt.

ZH: 这个工作很辛苦，久而久之，可能会影响身体健康。
EN: This job is very tiring, and over time it may affect our health.

ZH: 如果你每天坚持锻炼身体，久而久之，就会有明显的效果。
EN: If you exercise regularly every day, over time you will see noticeable results.

ZH: 孩子们要多读书，久而久之，会养成良好的阅读习惯。
EN: Children should read more books, over time it will develop a good reading habit.

ZH: 久而久之，他们之间的友谊更加稳固了。
EN: Over time, their friendship has become more solid.

ZH: 虽然学习一门新的语言需要时间和耐心，但久而久之，你会发现它是值得的。
EN: Although learning a new language takes time and patience, over time you will find it is worth it.

ZH: 做好规划并且保持坚持，久而久之，你会成功的。
EN: Make plans and stick to them, over time you will succeed.

ZH: 每天背诵几句单词，久而久之，你的词汇量就会增加。
EN: Recite a few words every day, over time your vocabulary will increase.

ZH: 即使计划看起来很长，但只要做一点点，久而久之，你会完成的。
EN: Even if the plan seems long, as long as you do a little bit, over time you will complete it.

ZH: 别太过担心，久而久之，事情会变得更好的。
EN: Don't worry too much, over time things will get better.

ZH: 老人家的体力会逐渐减弱，久而久之，需要更多的照顾。
EN: The physical strength of the elderly will gradually weaken, over time they need more care.

ZH: 如果我们每天都养成整理房间的习惯，久而久之，我们会享受到整洁的环境。
EN: If we develop a habit of cleaning the room every day, over time we will enjoy a tidy environment.

ZH: 坚持读书，久而久之，你会拓宽视野。
EN: Keep reading, over time you will broaden your horizons.

ZH: 学习的过程不会一蹴而就，但久而久之，你会看到进步的。
EN: The learning process is not immediate, but over time you will see progress.

ZH: 每天坚持写作，久而久之，你会变得更有表达能力。
EN: Writing every day, over time you will become more articulate.

ZH: 花点时间学习一门乐器，久而久之，你会成为一名优秀的音乐家。
EN: Take some time to learn a musical instrument, over time you will become a great musician.

ZH: 英语不是一朝一夕就能掌握，但是久而久之，你会有很大的进步的。
EN: English cannot be mastered overnight, but over time you will make great progress.

ZH: 虽然散步看起来很简单，但久而久之，对身体有很多好处。
EN: Although walking seems simple, over time it has many benefits for the body.

ZH: 坚持学习一项技能，久而久之，你会变得非常专业。
EN: Persist in learning a skill, over time you will become very professional.

ZH: 每天保持微笑，久而久之，你会发现生活更美好。
EN: Keep smiling every day, over time you will find that life is more beautiful.
