ZH: 在新年之际，我们一家人一起欢聚一堂。
EN: On the eve of the New Year, our whole family gathers together.

ZH: 在毕业之际，我感到非常激动和骄傲。
EN: On the occasion of graduation, I feel extremely excited and proud.

ZH: 我们可以在结婚之际祝福年轻夫妇幸福美满。
EN: We can wish the young couple a happy and blissful marriage on their wedding day.

ZH: 在公司成立十周年之际，我们举办了一场盛大的庆祝活动。
EN: On the occasion of the company's 10th anniversary, we held a grand celebration.

ZH: 在国家节日之际，人们会放假以庆祝。
EN: On the occasion of national holidays, people take time off to celebrate.

ZH: 在父亲节之际，我送给爸爸一份特别的礼物。
EN: On Father's Day, I gave my dad a special gift.

ZH: 在生日之际，朋友们给我送来了许多祝福和礼物。
EN: On my birthday, my friends sent me many wishes and gifts.

ZH: 彼此分离之际，我们约定一年后再见。
EN: At the moment of separation, we made a promise to meet again in a year.

ZH: 在母亲生病之际，我们全家都尽力照顾她。
EN: On the occasion of my mother's illness, our whole family did our best to take care of her.

ZH: 在考试之际，我要努力复习以取得好成绩。
EN: On the occasion of the exam, I will study hard to achieve good results.

ZH: 在毕业典礼之际，我们穿上学士服，得到了学位证书。
EN: On the occasion of the graduation ceremony, we put on our academic robes and received our degree certificates.

ZH: 在我们团队取得胜利之际，大家一起庆祝。
EN: On the occasion of our team's victory, we celebrated together.

ZH: 在公司年度晚会之际，我们享受美食和音乐表演。
EN: On the occasion of the company's annual party, we enjoyed delicious food and music performances.

ZH: 在漫长的假期之际，我决定学习一门新技能。
EN: On the occasion of the long vacation, I decided to learn a new skill.

ZH: 在圣诞节之际，我们会装饰房屋并交换礼物。
EN: On the occasion of Christmas, we decorate the house and exchange gifts.

ZH: 在即将迎来新生命之际，准父母充满期待。
EN: On the occasion of the impending arrival of a new life, expectant parents are filled with anticipation.

ZH: 在子女结婚之际，父母为他们祝福并举行婚礼。
EN: On the occasion of their children's marriage, parents bless them and hold a wedding ceremony.

ZH: 在升职之际，我感到非常荣幸和自豪。
EN: On the occasion of my promotion, I feel extremely honored and proud.

ZH: 在新科学家峰会之际，许多年轻研究人员展示了他们的创新成果。
EN: On the occasion of the New Scientist Summit, many young researchers showcased their innovative achievements.

ZH: 在夏季之际，我们计划去海边度假。
EN: On the occasion of summer, we plan to go on a vacation by the seaside.
