ZH: 在中国，过年时的走亲戚是一种传统习俗。
EN: Visiting relatives during Chinese New Year is a traditional custom in China.

ZH: 印度人在结婚时有各种不同的习俗。
EN: Indians have various different customs when it comes to marriage.

ZH: 韩国人在新年时会穿上传统服装，这是他们的习俗。
EN: Koreans wear traditional clothing during New Year, it is their custom.

ZH: 在巴西，婚礼上舞蹈是一种非常受欢迎的习俗。
EN: Dancing at weddings is a very popular custom in Brazil.

ZH: 在日本，喝清酒是一种传统习俗。
EN: Drinking sake is a traditional custom in Japan.

ZH: 欧洲人在感恩节时总是吃火鸡，这是他们的习俗。
EN: Europeans always eat turkey on Thanksgiving, it is their custom.

ZH: 在阿拉伯国家，人们在节日时会送彼此礼物，这是一种习俗。
EN: In Arab countries, it is customary to exchange gifts during festivals.

ZH: 在韩国，孩子们给长辈鞠躬是一种尊敬的习俗。
EN: In Korea, children bow to their elders as a sign of respect, it is a custom.

ZH: 在西非国家，婚礼上跳舞是非常重要的习俗。
EN: Dancing at weddings is a very important custom in West African countries.

ZH: 在印度教传统中，人们会尊敬牛，这是一种习俗。
EN: In Hindu tradition, it is customary to respect cows.

ZH: 在澳大利亚，人们喜欢在圣诞节烧烤，这是一种另类的习俗。
EN: Australians enjoy barbecuing on Christmas, it is a different kind of custom.

ZH: 在希腊，人们在复活节时会参加烛光宴会，这是一种习俗。
EN: In Greece, people participate in candlelit dinners during Easter, it is a custom.

ZH: 在美国，万圣节时孩子们穿上各种不同的服装，这已经成为了一种习俗。
EN: In the United States, children dress up in various costumes on Halloween, it has become a custom.

ZH: 在泰国，人们常常在寺庙里点燃香烛，这是一种信仰的习俗。
EN: In Thailand, it is common for people to light candles in temples, it is a religious custom.

ZH: 在伊斯兰教国家，斋月期间禁食是一种重要的习俗。
EN: Fasting during Ramadan is an important custom in Islamic countries.

ZH: 俄罗斯人在双12节时会去浴室做纹身，这是他们的习俗。
EN: Russians go to the bathhouse to get tattoos on the Epiphany, it is their custom.

ZH: 在南非，人们在婚礼上会跳传统的祖鲁舞蹈，这是一种习俗。
EN: In South Africa, people perform traditional Zulu dances at weddings, it is a custom.

ZH: 葡萄牙人过年时喜欢吃猪肉，这是他们的传统习俗。
EN: Portuguese people enjoy eating pork during Chinese New Year, it is their traditional custom.

ZH: 在意大利，举行婚礼时会有盛大的晚宴，这是一种习俗。
EN: In Italy, it is customary to have a grand feast at weddings.
