ZH: 她是个书呆子，整天只顾着读书。
EN: She is a bookworm and spends all her time reading books.

ZH: 这个学生被同学戏称为书呆子。
EN: This student is ridiculed by classmates as a bookworm.

ZH: 不要总是当书呆子，有时也应该参加一些活动。
EN: Don't always be a bookworm, sometimes you should also participate in some activities.

ZH: 我家附近的那个图书馆里都是书呆子。
EN: The library near my house is full of bookworms.

ZH: 他就是个典型的书呆子，对世界一无所知。
EN: He is a typical bookworm, he knows nothing about the world.

ZH: 那个朋友很内向，但她是个聪明的书呆子。
EN: That friend is very introverted, but she is a smart bookworm.

ZH: 我小时候从来不喜欢读书，现在我倒变成了一名书呆子。
EN: I didn't like reading when I was a child, but now I have become a bookworm.

ZH: 他是个书呆子，每天都要躲在房间里看书。
EN: He is a bookworm, he hides in his room reading books every day.

ZH: 我的妹妹是个十足的书呆子，看书比玩具还开心。
EN: My sister is a complete bookworm, she finds more joy in reading books than playing with toys.

ZH: 我觉得像个书呆子，整天都在图书馆里度过。
EN: I feel like a bookworm, spending my days in the library.

ZH: 这个班级里有几个聪明的书呆子，成绩都很好。
EN: There are some smart bookworms in this class, and they all have good grades.

ZH: 不要以为书呆子就没个性，他们也能很活泼开朗。
EN: Don't think that bookworms don't have personalities, they can also be lively and cheerful.

ZH: 他被称为书呆子，因为他从来不愿意参加任何社交活动。
EN: He is called a bookworm because he never wants to participate in any social activities.

ZH: 不要把我当成书呆子，其实我也可以很擅长体育运动。
EN: Don't treat me like a bookworm, in fact, I can also be very good at sports.

ZH: 虽然他是个书呆子，但他对历史的了解非常广泛。
EN: Although he is a bookworm, his knowledge of history is very extensive.

ZH: 这个公司需要一些书呆子，因为工作要求需要有深入的学术知识。
EN: This company needs some bookworms because the job requires in-depth academic knowledge.

ZH: 我是个完完全全的书呆子，除了读书我什么也不懂。
EN: I am a complete bookworm, I don't know anything except for reading books.

ZH: 她虽然是个书呆子，但她的数学成绩一直很好。
EN: Although she is a bookworm, her math grades have always been very good.

ZH: 班级里的书呆子常常被老师表扬，成为了大家学习的榜样。
EN: The bookworms in the class are often praised by the teacher and have become role models for everyone to learn from.

ZH: 他有点书呆子，但他的知识面很广。
EN: He is a bit of a bookworm, but his knowledge is very broad.
