ZH: 她总是争风吃醋，因为男朋友和其他女生聊天。
EN: She is always jealous because her boyfriend is talking to other girls.

ZH: 我们不要争风吃醋，每个人都有自己的空间。
EN: Let's not be jealous, everyone has their own space.

ZH: 她在学校里的成绩一直很好，其他同学都开始争风吃醋了。
EN: Her grades have always been good at school, and other students have started to get jealous.

ZH: 不要因为别人的成功而争风吃醋，应该好好努力。
EN: Don't be jealous of other people's success, you should work hard.

ZH: 他看到别人有新车，立刻开始争风吃醋。
EN: He immediately got jealous when he saw someone with a new car.

ZH: 争风吃醋只会让自己变得更糟。
EN: Being jealous will only make yourself worse.

ZH: 哥哥和弟弟常常争风吃醋，你们两个应该和和气气的。
EN: Brothers often get jealous of each other, you two should get along.

ZH: 那个女孩看到她男朋友和别的女生一起吃饭，开始争风吃醋了。
EN: That girl got jealous when she saw her boyfriend having dinner with another girl.

ZH: 不要争风吃醋，感情是建立在信任和理解的基础上的。
EN: Don't be jealous, relationships are built on trust and understanding.

ZH: 他的同事们开始争风吃醋，因为他升职了。
EN: His colleagues started to get jealous because he got a promotion.

ZH: 当一个人开始争风吃醋时，就意味着他缺乏自信。
EN: When a person starts to get jealous, it means they lack confidence.

ZH: 她争风吃醋到处找茬，让大家都觉得很累。
EN: She is so jealous and looking for trouble everywhere, making everyone tired.

ZH: 朋友之间不该争风吃醋，应该互相支持。
EN: Friends should not be jealous of each other, they should support each other.

ZH: 他们之间经常争风吃醋，让人觉得他们之间的关系很累。
EN: They often get jealous of each other, making their relationship very exhausting.

ZH: 那个男生看到女朋友和别的男生聊天，开始争风吃醋了。
EN: That guy got jealous when he saw his girlfriend talking to another guy.

ZH: 她总是争风吃醋，让大家觉得她很小气。
EN: She is always jealous, making everyone think she is petty.

ZH: 不要因为别人的成功而争风吃醋，应该学习别人的优点。
EN: Don't be jealous of other people's success, learn from their strengths.

ZH: 当一个人争风吃醋时，就会把别人的好意都当作是恶意。
EN: When someone gets jealous, they will see other people's kindness as malice.

ZH: 他们之间的争风吃醋已经持续了很久，需要解决。
EN: Their jealousy towards each other has been going on for a long time, it needs to be resolved.

ZH: 当两个人在感情上开始争风吃醋时，可能意味着他们之间出现了问题。
EN: When two people start to get jealous in a relationship, it may mean there are problems between them.
