ZH: 他原本计划在周末去钓鱼，结果却事与愿违，因为天气不好。
EN: He had planned to go fishing on the weekend, but he was disappointed because the weather didn't cooperate.

ZH: 她想要买的那款鞋子已经卖光了，事与愿违。
EN: The shoes she wanted to buy were sold out, much to her disappointment.

ZH: 我们原本计划去旅行，结果却事与愿违，因为我生病了。
EN: We had planned to go on a trip, but it didn't work out as I got sick.

ZH: 我申请的那个工作最终给了别人，事与愿违。
EN: The job I applied for was given to someone else, which was disappointing.

ZH: 我们原本打算去看电影，结果却事与愿违，因为电影院关门了。
EN: We had planned to go see a movie, but it didn't work out because the theater was closed.

ZH: 他想和我一起玩游戏，但是我要学习，事与愿违。
EN: He wanted to play games with me, but I had to study, so it didn't happen.

ZH: 我打算去购物，但是下雨了，事与愿违。
EN: I planned to go shopping, but it rained, so it didn't work out.

ZH: 她原本想去度假，结果却发现公司不能批准她的假期，事与愿违。
EN: She wanted to go on vacation, but she found out that her company couldn't approve her leave.

ZH: 我打算和朋友去看演唱会，结果演唱会取消了，事与愿违。
EN: I planned to go to a concert with my friends, but it got canceled, much to my disappointment.

ZH: 我们准备好要去钓鱼，结果发现鱼竿断了，事与愿违。
EN: We were all set to go fishing, but then we found out that the fishing rod was broken, which was a letdown.

ZH: 我本想好好休息一下，却被朋友们不停地打扰，事与愿违。
EN: I wanted to relax, but my friends kept bothering me, so it didn't happen.

ZH: 我原本计划要去剧院欣赏音乐剧，但因为车坏了，所以事与愿违。
EN: I had planned to go to the theater to watch a musical, but it didn't work out because my car broke down.

ZH: 她期待着能和她喜欢的人一起过生日，但对方却忘记了，事与愿违。
EN: She was looking forward to celebrating her birthday with the person she liked, but he forgot, much to her disappointment.

ZH: 我们本计划要去郊游，但天公不作美，雨下得很大，事与愿违。
EN: We were planning to go on a countryside trip, but it rained heavily, so it didn't happen.

ZH: 我们决定去海边度假，却因为疫情原因取消了，事与愿违。
EN: We decided to go to the beach for vacation, but it got canceled due to the pandemic.

ZH: 她想要买的那套衣服已经断货了，事与愿违。
EN: The outfit she wanted to buy was out of stock, much to her disappointment.

ZH: 我想要和他共度周末，但他有事情要处理，事与愿违。
EN: I wanted to spend the weekend with him, but he had things to deal with, so it didn't happen.

ZH: 我原本计划要参加那个聚会，但后来因为工作繁忙，只好事与愿违。
EN: I had planned to attend the party, but due to busy work, I had to cancel it, much to my disappointment.

ZH: 我非常期待看这部新电影，但电影院放映时间改变了，事与愿违。
EN: I was really looking forward to watching this new movie, but the screening time changed, which was a bummer.

ZH: 他原本打算要跟我们一起去野餐，结果家里有急事，事与愿违。
EN: He had planned to go on a picnic with us, but there was a family emergency, so it didn't work out.
