ZH: 事不关己，高卧远山。
EN: It doesn't concern me, I will sleep high up in the mountains.

ZH: 我只想做自己喜欢的事，事不关己。
EN: I just want to do things I like, it's none of my business.

ZH: 虽然发生了争执，但这是他们之间的事不关己。
EN: Although there was a dispute, it's none of my business as it happened between them.

ZH: 事不关己，责任心也就缺失了。
EN: If it doesn't concern oneself, the sense of responsibility is also lacking.

ZH: 你别管那些是非是非，事不关己不要插手。
EN: Don't meddle in the affairs that don't concern you.

ZH: 我不想参与这场争论，事不关己。
EN: I don't want to get involved in this argument, it's none of my business.

ZH: 如果事不关己，就不要多管闲事。
EN: If it doesn't concern you, don't interfere.

ZH: 这场风波与我无关，事不关己。
EN: This controversy has nothing to do with me, it's none of my business.

ZH: 在雇主和雇员之间的问题上，事不关己。
EN: In the matter between the employer and the employee, it's none of my business.

ZH: 我知道他们之间有问题，但是事不关己，我没有发表意见。
EN: I know there are issues between them, but it's none of my business, so I didn't comment.

ZH: 他们的关系破裂了，但这是他们的事不关己。
EN: Their relationship broke down, but it's their business, not mine.

ZH: 这件事与我的职责无关，事不关己。
EN: This matter is unrelated to my responsibilities, it's none of my business.

ZH: 他们的纠纷只是一场误会，但是事不关己我就不去插手了。
EN: Their dispute was just a misunderstanding, but it's none of my business, so I won't intervene.

ZH: 我不愿意失去自己的平静，所以对于这些事我都是事不关己。
EN: I don't want to lose my peace, so I treat these matters as none of my business.

ZH: 外人的事情，事不关己我也不去评判。
EN: I won't judge matters that don't concern me from outsiders.

ZH: 不管别人说什么，只要事不关己就不要理会。
EN: No matter what others say, as long as it doesn't concern me, I won't pay attention.

ZH: 事不关己，也不用我去抱怨。
EN: It's none of my business, so there's no need for me to complain.

ZH: 对于这个问题，你是否有参与的必要？毕竟，事不关己。
EN: Do you have the necessary involvement in this issue? After all, it's none of your business.

ZH: 不论别人怎么说，事不关己的话就别管了。
EN: No matter what others say, if it doesn't concern you, just leave it alone.

ZH: 作为普通民众，我们更应该懂得什么是事不关己。
EN: As ordinary citizens, we should understand what it means when matters don't concern us.
