ZH: 我们应该亲近大自然，保持与自然的联系。
EN: We should be close to nature and maintain a connection with it.

ZH: 他们一家人非常亲近，经常一起出去旅行。
EN: They are a very close-knit family and often travel together.

ZH: 孩子需要亲近父母，获得他们的爱与关怀。
EN: Children need to be close to their parents and receive their love and care.

ZH: 兄弟之间的情谊是无法亲近的。
EN: The bond between brothers is unbreakable.

ZH: 她亲近动物，喜欢和它们玩耍。
EN: She is fond of animals and likes to play with them.

ZH: 天气那么寒冷，他们蜷缩在一起保持亲近。
EN: It was so cold that they huddled together to keep warm.

ZH: 妹妹从小就和父母亲近，所以很依赖他们。
EN: The younger sister has been close to her parents since she was little, so she relies on them.

ZH: 他们亲近的朋友个个对他们赞赏有加。
EN: Each of their close friends appreciates them greatly.

ZH: 这位老人满是皱纹，但是眼神中透露出一种温暖和亲近感。
EN: The old man had wrinkles all over his face, but his eyes conveyed a warm and intimate feeling.

ZH: 那对情侣的关系非常亲近，像是一对知己。
EN: The relationship between that couple is very close, like soulmates.

ZH: 公司里亲近的同事会相互帮助，形成紧密的合作。
EN: Close colleagues in the company will help each other and form a tight collaboration.

ZH: 母亲温柔地亲近着孩子，给他一个安全的依靠。
EN: The mother tenderly approaches her child, providing him with a sense of security.

ZH: 他能够亲近贵族圈子中的名流，说明他社交能力很强。
EN: His ability to get close to the elites in the aristocratic circle shows that he has strong social skills.

ZH: 上学期我和同学建立了一段亲近的友谊。
EN: Last semester, I developed a close friendship with my classmates.

ZH: 年幼的孩子总是亲近自己的母亲。
EN: Young children always gravitate towards their own mothers.

ZH: 他们从小就一起长大，所以感情非常亲近。
EN: They grew up together since childhood, so they have a very close relationship.

ZH: 姐姐和弟弟之间的年龄相差很多，但他们亲近得像亲兄弟一样。
EN: The age difference between the older sister and younger brother is quite large, but they are as close as real siblings.

ZH: 在外地学习的小姐妹总是回家度假，亲近家人。
EN: The sisters who study in another city always come home for vacations to be close to their family.

ZH: 这部电影讲述了一对亲近的天使姐妹的故事。
EN: This movie tells the story of two close angel sisters.

ZH: 女儿忙完了工作后，总是要亲近父母，并和他们聊天。
EN: After the daughter finishes work, she always gets close to her parents and chats with them.
