ZH: 人大常委会是全国人民代表大会的最高权力机关。
EN: The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress is the highest state power organ of the country.

ZH: 人大常委会由全国人民代表大会选举组成。
EN: The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress is elected by the National People's Congress.

ZH: 人大常委会负责解释宪法和法律。
EN: The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress is responsible for interpreting the Constitution and laws.

ZH: 人大常委会对重大事项进行决定。
EN: The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress makes decisions on major issues.

ZH: 人大常委会与国务院保持密切联系。
EN: The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress maintains close contact with the State Council.

ZH: 人大常委会有权罢免国家领导人。
EN: The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress has the power to remove state leaders from office.

ZH: 人大常委会有权修改宪法和法律。
EN: The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress has the power to amend the Constitution and laws.

ZH: 人大常委会定期召开会议讨论重要事务。
EN: The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress regularly convenes meetings to discuss important matters.

ZH: 人大常委会制定和修改立法计划。
EN: The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress formulates and amends legislative plans.

ZH: 人大常委会监督法律的执行。
EN: The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress supervises the implementation of laws.

ZH: 人大常委会有权决定战争和和平的问题。
EN: The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress has the authority to decide on issues of war and peace.

ZH: 人大常委会代表国家利益。
EN: The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress represents the national interests.

ZH: 人大常委会根据民意制定政策。
EN: The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress formulates policies based on public opinion.

ZH: 人大常委会维护国家安全。
EN: The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress safeguards national security.

ZH: 人大常委会处理与国家大事有关的重要工作。
EN: The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress handles important work related to state affairs.

ZH: 人大常委会代表全国各族人民。
EN: The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress represents people of all nationalities.

ZH: 人大常委会审查权力的行使。
EN: The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress reviews the exercise of power.

ZH: 人大常委会发起对法律的审议。
EN: The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress initiates deliberations on laws.

ZH: 人大常委会推动国家改革和发展。
EN: The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress promotes national reform and development.

ZH: 人大常委会坚持党和国家的领导。
EN: The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress adheres to the leadership of the Party and the state.
