ZH: 他们以卵击石地反抗了强大的敌人。
EN: They tried to resist the powerful enemy with feeble means.

ZH: 这种做法有点以卵击石的味道。
EN: This approach seems to be hitting a stone with an egg.

ZH: 他们在这场战斗中只是以卵击石。
EN: They are just fighting a losing battle in this conflict.

ZH: 无论如何，我们不能以卵击石，必须寻找更好的解决办法。
EN: Anyway, we cannot take a useless action, we must find a better solution.

ZH: 与强大的对手作战就像以卵击石。
EN: Fighting against a powerful opponent is like hitting a stone with an egg.

ZH: 面对强大的敌人，我们不应以卵击石。
EN: In the face of a strong enemy, we should not be doing something useless.

ZH: 这种行为简直是以卵击石，没有任何作用。
EN: This behavior is simply like hitting a stone with an egg, it has no effect at all.

ZH: 在这场挑战中，他们实际上是在以卵击石。
EN: In this challenge, they are actually hitting a stone with an egg.

ZH: 战胜这种无法逾越的障碍就像以卵击石。
EN: Overcoming these insurmountable obstacles is like hitting a stone with an egg.

ZH: 他们已经没有更多的选择，只能以卵击石。
EN: They have no more options left, they can only hit a stone with an egg.

ZH: 他用了一个不切实际的方法，像以卵击石一样。
EN: He used an impractical method, like hitting a stone with an egg.

ZH: 他们试图用一些微不足道的手段来对付强劲的对手，就像以卵击石一样。
EN: They are trying to deal with a strong opponent with feeble means, like hitting a stone with an egg.

ZH: 这一举动完全是以卵击石，根本毫无作用。
EN: This move is totally hitting a stone with an egg, it is completely useless.

ZH: 在这种情况下，以卵击石是绝对行不通的。
EN: In this situation, hitting a stone with an egg is absolutely not feasible.

ZH: 他们希望用这个方法来对抗敌人，即使那是以卵击石。
EN: They hope to use this method to counter the enemy, even though it is hitting a stone with an egg.

ZH: 以卵击石只会让他们陷入更深的困境。
EN: Hitting a stone with an egg will only lead them deeper into trouble.

ZH: 尽管知道这是以卵击石，他们还是选择了这种行为。
EN: Despite knowing that it is hitting a stone with an egg, they still chose to do so.

ZH: 面对强大的对手，以卵击石是无济于事的。
EN: Facing a powerful opponent, hitting a stone with an egg is of no help.

ZH: 没有任何希望的情况下，用这种方法只能是以卵击石。
EN: In a situation with no hope, using this method can only be hitting a stone with an egg.

ZH: 如果继续这样下去，只会是以卵击石的结果。
EN: If they continue like this, it will only result in hitting a stone with an egg.
