ZH: 我的孩子喜欢画画，以至于他已经画了二十幅画了。
EN: My child loves painting so much that he has already drawn twenty paintings.

ZH: 她工作太辛苦了，以至于经常加班到深夜。
EN: She works so hard that she often works overtime until late at night.

ZH: 他迷恋游戏，以至于整天都沉迷于玩游戏。
EN: He is obsessed with gaming to the extent that he spends all day playing games.

ZH: 这道数学题太难了，以至于我花了两个小时才解出来。
EN: This math problem was so difficult that it took me two hours to solve.

ZH: 这本小说太吸引人了，以至于我连夜读完了。
EN: This novel is so captivating that I stayed up all night to finish it.

ZH: 这部电影的情节太复杂了，以至于我需要看两遍才能完全理解。
EN: The plot of this movie is so complex that I need to watch it twice to fully understand it.

ZH: 这份工作的薪水很高，以至于很多人都想申请。
EN: The salary for this job is so high that many people want to apply for it.

ZH: 我家附近有一家餐馆，他们的菜太好吃了，以至于每天都排队等位。
EN: There is a restaurant near my house that serves such delicious food that there is a line every day.

ZH: 这个地方的气候太炎热了，以至于人们都不愿意出门活动。
EN: The climate of this place is so hot that people are unwilling to go out and do activities.

ZH: 这家酒店的服务态度太糟糕了，以至于我再也不会去住了。
EN: The service attitude of this hotel is so terrible that I will never stay there again.

ZH: 他的厨艺太差了，以至于每次做饭都会烧焦。
EN: His cooking skills are so poor that he burns the food every time he cooks.

ZH: 这个演员的表演太出色了，以至于获得了多个奖项。
EN: This actor's performance is so outstanding that he has won multiple awards.

ZH: 这次旅行太难忘了，以至于我会一直记得。
EN: This trip was so memorable that I will remember it forever.

ZH: 这个城市的交通太繁忙了，以至于每天上下班都堵车。
EN: The traffic in this city is so busy that there is traffic congestion during the commute every day.

ZH: 这种药效果太好了，以至于病人很快就康复了。
EN: This medicine has such good effects that the patients recover very quickly.

ZH: 这个学科的难度太大了，以至于很多学生放弃了。
EN: The difficulty of this subject is so high that many students give up.

ZH: 这个电子产品的性能太优秀了，以至于很多人都想购买。
EN: The performance of this electronic product is so excellent that many people want to buy it.

ZH: 这个竞赛的难度太高了，以至于很少有人能够成功。
EN: The difficulty of this competition is so high that few people can succeed.

ZH: 这个项目需要的时间太长了，以至于延期了几次。
EN: This project takes so much time that it has been delayed several times.

ZH: 这家公司的规模太庞大了，以至于在全球都有分支机构。
EN: The scale of this company is so large that it has branches all around the world.
