ZH: 他在派对上就像众星捧月一样受欢迎。
EN: He was as popular as the center of attention at the party, like the moon surrounded by stars.

ZH: 这位领导者经常被团队视为众星捧月的对象。
EN: This leader is often seen as the center of attention by the team, like the moon being surrounded by stars.

ZH: 她长得美丽，就像众星捧月一样。
EN: She is beautiful, like the moon being surrounded by stars.

ZH: 那位演员在该电影中就像众星捧月。
EN: That actor is the center of attention in the movie, like the moon surrounded by stars.

ZH: 他在公司中一直是众星捧月的存在。
EN: He has always been the center of attention in the company, like the moon surrounded by stars.

ZH: 这家饭店的厨师就像众星捧月一样备受追捧。
EN: The chef of this restaurant is highly sought after, like the moon surrounded by stars.

ZH: 那位运动员在队伍中像众星捧月一样备受瞩目。
EN: That athlete is highly regarded in the team, like the moon surrounded by stars.

ZH: 她的演讲吸引了全场，就像众星捧月一样。
EN: Her speech captivated the audience, like the moon being surrounded by stars.

ZH: 这家公司的CEO就像众星捧月，备受员工推崇。
EN: The CEO of this company is adored by employees, like the moon surrounded by stars.

ZH: 这位歌手的人气就像众星捧月一般高涨。
EN: The popularity of this singer has soared, like the moon surrounded by stars.

ZH: 他是那群学生中的众星捧月。
EN: He is the center of attention among that group of students.

ZH: 著名作家在文学界中就像众星捧月一样受尊敬。
EN: The famous writer is respected in the literary world, like the moon surrounded by stars.

ZH: 那位少女在学校里就像众星捧月一样备受欢迎。
EN: That girl is very popular in school, like the moon being surrounded by stars.

ZH: 她在音乐圈中就像众星捧月一样独领风骚。
EN: She stands out in the music industry like the moon among stars.

ZH: 这位设计师就像众星捧月一样备受推崇。
EN: This designer is highly regarded, like the moon surrounded by stars.

ZH: 那位老师在学生中就是众星捧月的明星。
EN: That teacher is the star of the students, like the moon among stars.

ZH: 著名演员在娱乐圈中就像众星捧月。
EN: The famous actor is the center of attention in the entertainment industry, like the moon surrounded by stars.

ZH: 这位政治家在民众中就像众星捧月一样备受崇拜。
EN: This politician is revered among the people, like the moon being surrounded by stars.

ZH: 这家公司的创始人就像众星捧月一样备受推崇。
EN: The founder of this company is highly respected, like the moon surrounded by stars.

ZH: 这件艺术品在拍卖会上就像众星捧月一般备受追捧。
EN: This piece of art is highly sought after at the auction, like the moon being surrounded by stars.
