ZH: 众议院是美国国会的一个分支机构。
EN: The House of Representatives is a branch of the U.S. Congress.

ZH: 众议院由435名议员组成。
EN: The House of Representatives consists of 435 members.

ZH: 众议院负责通过法案并监督政府的行为。
EN: The House of Representatives is responsible for passing bills and overseeing the actions of the government.

ZH: 在众议院中，每个州的代表人数是根据人口多少来决定的。
EN: The number of representatives from each state in the House of Representatives is determined by their population.

ZH: 参议院与众议院一起组成了美国国会。
EN: The Senate, along with the House of Representatives, forms the United States Congress.

ZH: 众议院议员的选举是每两年举行一次。
EN: Elections for House of Representatives members are held every two years.

ZH: 众议院的议员代表着人民的利益和意见。
EN: Representatives in the House of Representatives represent the interests and opinions of the people.

ZH: 众议院在通过法案时需要获得多数党的支持。
EN: The House of Representatives needs the support of the majority party to pass bills.

ZH: 众议院的议长是由众议员选举产生的。
EN: The Speaker of the House is elected by the House of Representatives members.

ZH: 众议院的职权之一是对总统进行弹劾。
EN: One of the powers of the House of Representatives is to impeach the president.

ZH: 众议院的会议室位于国会大厦。
EN: The meeting room of the House of Representatives is located in the Capitol building.

ZH: 众议院议员必须是美国公民并年满18岁。
EN: House of Representatives members must be U.S. citizens and at least 18 years old.

ZH: 众议院的主要任务之一是制定国家预算。
EN: One of the main tasks of the House of Representatives is to create the national budget.

ZH: 众议院的议事规则是通过多数票决定的。
EN: The rules of procedure in the House of Representatives are decided by a majority vote.

ZH: 众议院的议员可以提出法案和修正案。
EN: Representatives in the House of Representatives can propose bills and amendments.

ZH: 众议院的会议是公开的，媒体和公众可以观看。
EN: The meetings of the House of Representatives are open, and the media and the public can observe.

ZH: 许多重要的法律是在众议院先通过的。
EN: Many important laws are first passed in the House of Representatives.

ZH: 众议院的任务之一是进行国内政策的决策和辩论。
EN: One of the tasks of the House of Representatives is to make decisions and debates on domestic policies.

ZH: 众议院可以对政府官员进行调查和质询。
EN: The House of Representatives can investigate and question government officials.

ZH: 众议院的成员来自不同的政党，需要合作和达成共识。
EN: Members of the House of Representatives come from different political parties and need to cooperate and reach consensus.
