ZH: 会议厅是一个容纳大量人员的大型空间。
EN: The conference hall is a large space that can accommodate a large number of people.

ZH: 今天的会议将在会议厅举行。
EN: Today's meeting will take place in the conference hall.

ZH: 请大家前往会议厅准时参加会议。
EN: Please proceed to the conference hall on time for the meeting.

ZH: 会议厅内部装饰豪华，设备齐全。
EN: The interior of the conference hall is luxuriously decorated and well-equipped.

ZH: 酒店的一楼设有一间宽敞的会议厅。
EN: The hotel has a spacious conference hall on the ground floor.

ZH: 会议厅的座位可以根据需要进行调整。
EN: The seating in the conference hall can be adjusted as needed.

ZH: 会议厅里的投影仪有点故障，我们需要修理一下。
EN: The projector in the conference hall is malfunctioning, we need to fix it.

ZH: 请大家保持会议厅内安静，以免打扰其他与会人员。
EN: Please keep quiet in the conference hall so as not to disturb other participants.

ZH: 会议厅的音响效果非常好，可以清晰地听到讲话者的声音。
EN: The conference hall has excellent sound effects, and you can hear the speaker's voice clearly.

ZH: 请将会议厅的桌椅摆放整齐，以便参会人员就座。
EN: Please arrange the tables and chairs in the conference hall neatly for the participants to sit.

ZH: 会议厅的墙上装饰着大型屏幕，可以显示会议内容。
EN: Large screens are installed on the walls of the conference hall to display the meeting content.

ZH: 开始前，请大家在会议厅入口处签到。
EN: Please sign in at the entrance of the conference hall before the start.

ZH: 会议厅的沙发非常舒适，给人一种放松的感觉。
EN: The sofas in the conference hall are very comfortable, giving a sense of relaxation.

ZH: 会议厅的顶部设有天窗，可以自然采光。
EN: The conference hall has skylights on the top, allowing natural light to come in.

ZH: 根据需要，会议厅可以被分隔成多个小型会议室。
EN: Depending on the needs, the conference hall can be divided into multiple smaller meeting rooms.

ZH: 会议厅内有一个专门的舞台，适合举行讲座或演讲。
EN: There is a dedicated stage in the conference hall, suitable for lectures or speeches.

ZH: 请将会议材料放在会议厅的桌子上，以供与会人员查阅。
EN: Please place the meeting materials on the tables in the conference hall for the participants to refer to.

ZH: 由于人数较多，我们需要在会议厅提供额外的座位。
EN: Due to the large number of people, we need to provide extra seats in the conference hall.

ZH: 我们需要租用一个容纳500人的会议厅。
EN: We need to rent a conference hall that can accommodate 500 people.

ZH: 会议厅的Wi-Fi信号很强，适合在会议中使用互联网。
EN: The conference hall has a strong Wi-Fi signal, suitable for using the internet during meetings.
