ZH: 这个消息传出后，引起了很大的争议。
EN: After this news spread out, it caused a lot of controversy.

ZH: 有传出公司将裁员的消息。
EN: There are rumors circulating that the company will downsize its workforce.

ZH: 这个秘密被人传出去了。
EN: This secret has been leaked.

ZH: 传出了很多人对这个新方案的质疑。
EN: Many people have expressed doubts about this new proposal.

ZH: 听说最近传出了一场大雪灾。
EN: I heard that there has been a heavy snow disaster recently.

ZH: 这个产品在市场上传出了一致好评。
EN: This product has received unanimous praise in the market.

ZH: 有传出这个城市将进行一次大规模的建设项目。
EN: It is rumored that this city will undertake a large-scale construction project.

ZH: 这个音乐会的消息已经传出去了，大家都期待着参加。
EN: The news about this concert has already spread out, and everyone is looking forward to attending.

ZH: 传出有演唱会将在这个周末举行。
EN: There are rumors that a concert will be held this weekend.

ZH: 这个房子的信息已经传出去了，很多人都对它感兴趣。
EN: The information about this house has been circulated, and many people are interested in it.

ZH: 餐厅换了新厨师后，传出菜品的味道更好了。
EN: After the restaurant changed its chef, word spread out that the food tasted better.

ZH: 社交媒体上传出了他们的恋情。
EN: Their relationship was leaked on social media.

ZH: 传出怀疑这个公司涉嫌财务诈骗的传闻。
EN: There have been rumors circulating that this company is suspected of financial fraud.

ZH: 很多人在微信群里传出了这个新闻。
EN: Many people have spread out this news in WeChat groups.

ZH: 这个城市传出有一位知名歌手要来开演唱会。
EN: It has been rumored that a famous singer is coming to this city to hold a concert.

ZH: 传出外国投资商对我们的项目感兴趣。
EN: Word has spread out that foreign investors are interested in our project.

ZH: 他们的婚讯传出后，引起了很多朋友们的祝福。
EN: After their wedding news was spread out, it received many blessings from friends.

ZH: 传出公司要进行一次大规模调整的消息，员工们都在担心。
EN: Word has spread out that the company is planning a major restructuring, and employees are worried.

ZH: 这个地方的美食口碑已经传出去了，很多人前来品尝。
EN: The reputation of the local cuisine has spread out, and many people have come to taste it.

ZH: 传出他们将签下一位世界级球星的消息，球迷们充满期待。
EN: The news that they are about to sign a world-class star has spread out, and the fans are filled with anticipation.
