ZH: 请伺候一下客人，给他们提供需要的服务。
EN: Please attend to the guests and provide them with the necessary services.

ZH: 儿子，你得学会自己伺候自己。
EN: Son, you need to learn to take care of yourself.

ZH: 请你好好伺候这盆花，别让它枯萎。
EN: Please take good care of this pot of flowers and don't let it wither.

ZH: 奶奶年纪大了，我们要好好地伺候她。
EN: Grandma is getting old, and we need to take good care of her.

ZH: 我们应该互相伺候，不让对方太辛苦。
EN: We should take care of each other and not let the other person be too tired.

ZH: 老板指示你伺候这个重要客户，要服从他的要求。
EN: The boss instructed you to attend to this important client, obey their requests.

ZH: 女佣伺候着富翁的各种需求。
EN: The maid attends to the various needs of the wealthy man.

ZH: 她很喜欢伺候别人，总是全力以赴地做好工作。
EN: She enjoys serving others and always does her best in her job.

ZH: 这家餐馆的服务生很会伺候顾客。
EN: The waiters in this restaurant are very good at attending to customers.

ZH: 在病房里，护士们伺候着病人的生活起居。
EN: In the ward, the nurses attend to the daily life of the patients.

ZH: 请你伺候好这只受伤的猫，给它提供必要的医疗。
EN: Please take good care of this injured cat and provide it with the necessary medical care.

ZH: 她被派去伺候大使，负责照顾他的需要。
EN: She was assigned to attend to the ambassador and take care of his needs.

ZH: 请你去伺候一下那位病人，看看他需要什么。
EN: Could you please go attend to the patient and see what he needs?

ZH: 在找到新住家之前，我姐姐一直在女友家打工伺候。
EN: Before finding a new place to live, my sister worked and took care of her girlfriend's house.

ZH: 我们需要找个人来伺候孩子们，因为我们要外出几个小时。
EN: We need to find someone to take care of the children because we will be out for a few hours.

ZH: 她有一份重要的工作，每天都要伺候许多客户。
EN: She has an important job where she attends to many clients every day.

ZH: 这家酒店的管家很会伺候客人，每个细节都照顾得很好。
EN: The butler in this hotel is very good at attending to guests, taking care of every detail.

ZH: 在这家公司工作要学会如何伺候好客户，以维持良好的业务关系。
EN: Working at this company requires learning how to serve customers well to maintain good business relationships.

ZH: 他是个优秀的保姆，专门负责伺候老人和小孩。
EN: He is an excellent babysitter who is specifically responsible for taking care of the elderly and children.

ZH: 当别人生病的时候，我们应该尽力伺候他们，给予关怀和支持。
EN: When others are sick, we should try our best to attend to them and provide care and support.
