ZH: 这是一次非常困难的任务，何况我们时间有限。
EN: This is a very difficult task, not to mention that we have limited time.

ZH: 我连游泳都不会，何况潜水。
EN: I don't even know how to swim, let alone diving.

ZH: 他连普通话都不会说，何况英语。
EN: He can't even speak Mandarin, let alone English.

ZH: 这个公司连基本工资都支付不了，何况其他福利。
EN: This company can't even pay the basic salary, not to mention other benefits.

ZH: 学生们连简单的题目都不会做，何况更难的一道题。
EN: The students can't even solve simple questions, let alone a more difficult one.

ZH: 他连自己的生日都忘了，何况还记得别人的生日呢。
EN: He even forgot his own birthday, not to mention remembering someone else's birthday.

ZH: 这个地方连基本的设施都没有，何况发展旅游业。
EN: This place doesn't even have basic facilities, let alone developing tourism.

ZH: 我们连自己的家庭都照顾不好，何况还顾及别人呢。
EN: We can't even take care of our own families, let alone taking care of others.

ZH: 这个产品连基本的功能都没有，何况其他高级功能。
EN: This product doesn't even have basic functions, not to mention other advanced features.

ZH: 孩子们还不会做简单的加法，何况更复杂的乘法呢。
EN: The children can't even do simple addition, let alone more complex multiplication.

ZH: 这个城市连清洁的空气都没有，何况良好的环境呢。
EN: This city doesn't even have clean air, let alone a good environment.

ZH: 我们连饭都没有吃，何况还谈其他问题呢。
EN: We haven't even eaten, let alone talking about other issues.

ZH: 学生们连基本的礼仪都不懂，何况商务礼仪。
EN: The students don't even understand basic etiquette, let alone business etiquette.

ZH: 这个房子连基本的采光都没有，何况景观窗。
EN: This house doesn't even have basic lighting, not to mention panoramic windows.

ZH: 他连基本的自我保护意识都没有，何况应对紧急情况。
EN: He doesn't even have basic self-protection awareness, let alone dealing with emergencies.

ZH: 我们连住的地方都没有，何况考虑旅游景点呢。
EN: We don't even have a place to live, let alone considering tourist attractions.

ZH: 这个手机连基本的电话功能都没有，何况其他应用。
EN: This phone doesn't even have basic calling function, not to mention other applications.

ZH: 他连一点旅游经验都没有，何况开发旅游项目。
EN: He doesn't even have any travel experience, let alone developing tourism projects.

ZH: 这个团队连基本的沟通都做不好，何况合作项目。
EN: This team can't even communicate properly, not to mention collaborating on projects.

ZH: 他连对自己负责都不会，何况对他人负责。
EN: He can't even take responsibility for himself, let alone being responsible for others.
