ZH: 我们做了很多工作，还有余力去处理其他事情。
EN: We have done a lot of work and still have energy to deal with other things.

ZH: 他在寒假期间有余暇去旅行。
EN: He has spare time to travel during winter vacation.

ZH: 这个问题已经解决了，我们没有任何余地。
EN: The problem has been solved, and we have no room for maneuver.

ZH: 这些剩余物品你能处理掉吗？
EN: Can you handle these leftover items?

ZH: 我买了很多菜，剩余的你帮我冰冻起来吧。
EN: I bought a lot of vegetables, freeze the rest for me.

ZH: 他的收入超过了他的开支，他有很多余钱。
EN: His income exceeds his expenses, and he has a lot of extra money.

ZH: 我们已经完成了任务，时间还有余。
EN: We have completed the task, and we still have time left.

ZH: 她准备了一些食物，但还有余地让她们吃更多。
EN: She prepared some food, but there is still room for them to eat more.

ZH: 这场比赛的结果已经明确，没有任何余地可供争论。
EN: The result of this game is clear, and there is no room for argument.

ZH: 我们已经买了所有需要的书，余下的钱可以买些零食。
EN: We have bought all the necessary books, and the remaining money can be used to buy some snacks.

ZH: 这是一个很有余地的计划，我们有时间去做其他事情。
EN: This is a plan with a lot of leeway, and we have time to do other things.

ZH: 他每天工作十个小时，还有余力陪家人。
EN: He works ten hours a day and still has energy to spend time with his family.

ZH: 这个城市有很多景点，我觉得还有余地再探索一下。
EN: This city has many attractions, and I feel there is still room to explore.

ZH: 我已经告诉你所有的细节了，没有余地再多解释了。
EN: I have told you all the details, there is no room for further explanation.

ZH: 昨天的晚餐我们余了很多食物，还可以再吃一顿。
EN: We had a lot of food left over from yesterday's dinner, we can have another meal.

ZH: 时间已经不多了，你还有余力完成这项任务吗？
EN: There is not much time left, do you still have the ability to complete this task?

ZH: 这个足球队赢了比赛，还有余力继续参加下一场比赛。
EN: The football team won the game and still has the ability to participate in the next game.

ZH: 我们所有的工作都已经完成了，我们有余暇享受这个周末。
EN: We have completed all of our work, and we have free time to enjoy this weekend.

ZH: 这个项目已经超出了预算，我们没有余款支付工人。
EN: This project has exceeded the budget, and we have no extra money to pay the workers.

ZH: 这个游戏很容易，我玩得很快就有余生。
EN: This game is easy, I finish it quickly with ease.

ZH: 如果你必须加班，我可以帮你加一些任务，我还有余力。
EN: If you have to work overtime, I can help you with some tasks, I still have the capacity.
