ZH: 为了保持公平，我们决定将余下的时间平均分配给每个团队成员。
EN: In order to be fair, we decided to evenly distribute the remaining time among each team member.

ZH: 在这个回合比赛中，我们队落后了，但我们还有余下的时间来追赶。
EN: In this round of the game, our team is behind, but we still have time left to catch up.

ZH: 我会先做完这些任务，然后把余下的时间留给你帮我。
EN: I will finish these tasks first and then leave the remaining time for you to help me.

ZH: 由于食物已经卖光了，余下的客人只能选择其他餐馆用餐。
EN: Since the food has sold out, the remaining customers can only choose to eat at other restaurants.

ZH: 他们打算将余下的经费用来购买更多的办公设备和家具。
EN: They plan to use the remaining funds to purchase more office equipment and furniture.

ZH: 为了保持项目的进度，我们必须充分利用余下的时间来完成任务。
EN: In order to maintain the progress of the project, we must make full use of the remaining time to complete the tasks.

ZH: 我们把所有的食物分给了游客，现在只余下几个小吃。
EN: We distributed all the food to the tourists, now only a few snacks are left.

ZH: 战争结束后，余下的士兵都回到了自己的家乡。
EN: After the war ended, the remaining soldiers all returned to their hometowns.

ZH: 他们决定将余下的时间用来改善校园环境和设施。
EN: They decided to use the remaining time to improve the campus environment and facilities.

ZH: 由于交通拥堵，我们花了太多时间在路上，现在只余下几分钟见到客户。
EN: Due to traffic congestion, we spent too much time on the road, now only a few minutes left to meet the client.

ZH: 最后一节课取消了，所以我们有余下的时间去图书馆自习。
EN: The last class was canceled, so we have the remaining time to study in the library.

ZH: 他们打算将余下的食物捐给慈善机构，帮助需要的人。
EN: They plan to donate the remaining food to charity organizations to help those in need.

ZH: 我们把所有开支算了一遍，发现还有一些余下的资金可以用来投资。
EN: We calculated all the expenses and found that there is some remaining funds that can be used for investment.

ZH: 由于天气原因，比赛延迟了，现在只余下十分钟来决出胜负。
EN: Due to the weather, the game was delayed, now only ten minutes left to determine the winner.

ZH: 没有完成工作，余下的任务只能留到下周完成。
EN: Without completing the work, the remaining tasks can only be done next week.

ZH: 此次旅行我们只能游览部分景点，余下的将在下次再来时一一完成。
EN: On this trip, we can only visit some attractions, the remaining ones will be completed one by one next time.

ZH: 他们决定将余下的食物分给有需要的人，帮助减轻他们的困境。
EN: They decided to distribute the remaining food to those in need to help alleviate their difficulties.

ZH: 华为仅剩余下少量的手机，不久之后将全面售罄。
EN: Huawei only has a small number of phones left, and they will be sold out soon.

ZH: 我们只余下几分钟可以赶上末班车，不然只能打车回家。
EN: We only have a few minutes left to catch the last bus, otherwise we will have to take a taxi home.

ZH: 由于时间不足，我们只余下一项任务未完成，明天再来解决吧。
EN: Due to the lack of time, we only have one task left unfinished, let's solve it tomorrow.
