ZH: 他总是喜欢作对，从来不听我的话。
EN: He always likes to go against me and never listens to me.

ZH: 她学习不好，经常作对老师的安排。
EN: She doesn't study well and often goes against the teacher's arrangements.

ZH: 这个孩子太叛逆了，时常作对父母的意愿。
EN: This child is too rebellious and often goes against the wishes of his parents.

ZH: 我在公司里唯一一个作对老板的人，所以总被他关注。
EN: I am the only person in the company who goes against the boss, so he always pays attention to me.

ZH: 他们两个人经常作对，争吵不断。
EN: The two of them often go against each other and argue constantly.

ZH: 老师说这样做对，你们应该听老师的话。
EN: The teacher said doing it like this is correct, you should listen to the teacher.

ZH: 他表面上听从了我的建议，实际上还是故意作对。
EN: He apparently heeded my advice, but actually still willfully went against it.

ZH: 他作对了我，我没有办法接受他的请求。
EN: He went against me, so I couldn't accept his request.

ZH: 她喜欢作对，就是为了引起别人的注意。
EN: She likes going against others just to attract attention.

ZH: 不要故意作对，这样只会弄巧成拙。
EN: Don't deliberately go against others, it will only backfire.

ZH: 这个团队合作默契非常好，很少有人作对。
EN: This team has excellent cooperation and very few people go against each other.

ZH: 因为我们作对了领导的决定，所以被扣了工资。
EN: Because we went against the decision of the leader, our salaries were deducted.

ZH: 他让我选A，我偏要选B，就是故意作对。
EN: He told me to choose A, but I deliberately chose B just to go against him.

ZH: 别跟他作对，他是公司的重要领导。
EN: Don't go against him, he is an important leader in the company.

ZH: 家里经常有人作对，导致气氛紧张。
EN: There are often people going against each other at home, resulting in a tense atmosphere.

ZH: 我们不要互相作对，应该互相帮助才能完成任务。
EN: Let's not go against each other, we should help each other to complete the task.

ZH: 爸爸刚刚生气，你还是别作对了他。
EN: Dad just got angry, you better not go against him.

ZH: 老师严肃地警告他不要作对其他同学。
EN: The teacher sternly warned him not to go against the other students.

ZH: 你的建议很好，但不要随意作对别人的意见。
EN: Your suggestion is good, but don't go against others' opinions arbitrarily.

ZH: 他喜欢和别人辩论，总是故意作对对方的观点。
EN: He likes to debate with others and always deliberately goes against their views.

ZH: 导演明明知道我的建议更好，却故意做对。
EN: The director clearly knew that my suggestion was better, but intentionally went against it.
