ZH: 你看，那只黑猫在院子里作怪。
EN: Look, that black cat is playing mischief in the yard.
ZH: 那个调皮的孩子总是在教室里作怪。
EN: That mischievous child is always causing trouble in the classroom.
ZH: 别让那只捣蛋的小狗在客厅里作怪。
EN: Don't let that troublesome puppy mischief in the living room.
ZH: 他们说这个房子里有鬼在作怪。
EN: They say there's a ghost playing mischief in this house.
ZH: 这本书中的邪灵总是作怪，让人毛骨悚然。
EN: The evil spirit in this book is always causing trouble, giving people chills.
ZH: 我感觉今天运气不好，好像有什么在作怪。
EN: I feel like my luck is off today, like something is causing trouble.
ZH: 这么晚了，我不想在这条黑暗的巷子里遇到任何作怪的东西。
EN: It's so late, I don't want to encounter anything playing mischief in this dark alley.
ZH: 据说这个山洞里有一只恶狼在作怪。
EN: They say there's a wicked wolf playing mischief in this cave.
ZH: 当她生气时，她总是在家里作怪。
EN: When she's angry, she always causes trouble at home.
ZH: 这个魔术师能让鸽子从一个帽子里跳出来，看上去像魔术在作怪一样。
EN: The magician can make a dove jump out of a hat, making it seem like magic is causing mischief.
ZH: 他在电话里说了些奇怪的话，让我觉得有什么不祥的事情在作怪。
EN: He said some strange things over the phone, making me feel like something ominous is causing trouble.
ZH: 他们认为这个酒吧被某种不可见的力量作怪。
EN: They believe that this bar is being haunted by some invisible force playing mischief.
ZH: 在这个古老的城堡里，传说有不知名的魔鬼在作怪。
EN: In this ancient castle, it is said that an unknown devil is playing mischief.
ZH: 他对自己的邻居非常友好，绝对不会在家里作怪。
EN: He is very friendly to his neighbors and would never cause trouble at home.
ZH: 这种奇怪的事件让人相信有某种邪恶的力量在这座城市里作怪。
EN: This strange event makes people believe that some evil force is playing mischief in this city.
ZH: 我突然感觉到有什么在作怪，但我无法确定。
EN: I suddenly felt like something was causing trouble, but I couldn't be sure.
ZH: 这家旅馆有个传说，在晚上总会有幽灵在客房里作怪。
EN: This hotel has a legend that there's always a ghost causing mischief in the guest rooms at night.
ZH: 他喜欢讲鬼故事，说有时候鬼魂会在墓地里作怪。
EN: He enjoys telling ghost stories, saying that sometimes spirits will mischief in the cemetery.
ZH: 一些人相信他们家里有厉鬼在作怪，使得一切都变得不对劲。
EN: Some people believe that there is a malicious ghost causing trouble in their house, making everything feel off.
