ZH: 我们在商量了一会儿后决定作罢。
EN: After discussing for a while, we decided to call it quits.

ZH: 这个项目有太多的问题，我们只能作罢。
EN: There are too many issues with this project, we have to give up.

ZH: 我已经尽力了，没办法只能作罢。
EN: I've done my best, there's no other choice but to give up.

ZH: 这个计划太冒险了，我们最好还是作罢。
EN: This plan is too risky, we better drop it.

ZH: 我们已经尝试了很多办法，但结果都不好，现在只能作罢。
EN: We've tried many methods, but none of them yielded good results, now we have to give up.

ZH: 他们一直在争吵，最后只能作罢。
EN: They kept arguing, in the end they had to call it quits.

ZH: 考试的时候实在太紧张了，只能放弃了其中一道题，作罢。
EN: I was too nervous during the exam, I had to give up on one of the questions.

ZH: 这个计划太庞大了，不可能完成，最好还是作罢。
EN: This plan is too massive, it's impossible to complete, it's better to just give up.

ZH: 他们为了争辩而争辩，没有达成共识，只能作罢了。
EN: They argued just for the sake of arguing, without reaching any consensus, they had to give up.

ZH: 这场比赛已经失去了公正性，我们决定作罢。
EN: This game has lost its fairness, we decided to call it quits.

ZH: 考试的题目太难了，我决定把这道题作罢。
EN: The exam questions are too difficult, I decided to give up on this one.

ZH: 我们已经花了很多时间和精力，但是进展很小，只好作罢了。
EN: We've invested a lot of time and effort, but the progress is minimal, we can't continue anymore.

ZH: 这个计划从一开始就没有得到足够的支持，我们只能作罢。
EN: This plan never received enough support from the beginning, we have to give up.

ZH: 考试时间已经快到了，我只好放弃研究更多的课本内容，作罢。
EN: The exam is approaching, I have no choice but to give up studying more textbook materials.

ZH: 这次合作已经面临太多困难，我们只能作罢。
EN: This collaboration has faced too many difficulties, we have to drop it.

ZH: 这次活动遇到了意想不到的问题，我们只好作罢。
EN: Unexpected problems arose during this event, we can only call it quits.

ZH: 他们经过长时间的争吵，只得作罢。
EN: After a long argument, they had to concede.

ZH: 这场比赛一直受到天气影响，最后只得作罢。
EN: This game has been affected by the weather, in the end it had to be called off.

ZH: 我们的意见相左，无法达成一致，只能作罢。
EN: We have conflicting opinions and can't reach a consensus, we have to give up.

ZH: 资金不足，我们只能作罢。
EN: Due to insufficient funds, we have to call it quits.
