ZH: 这个公司的侵权行为导致了许多消费者受到损害。
EN: The company's infringement behavior has caused harm to many consumers.

ZH: 媒体报道了一起侵权案件，涉及盗版音乐的发行商。
EN: The media reported a copyright infringement case involving a distributor of pirated music.

ZH: 这部电影被指控侵权了另一部电影的剧本。
EN: This film is accused of infringing on the script of another film.

ZH: 他们要求对侵权行为进行彻底调查。
EN: They demanded a thorough investigation into the infringement.

ZH: 我们将采取一切必要措施保护我们的知识产权不被侵权。
EN: We will take all necessary measures to protect our intellectual property from infringement.

ZH: 这家公司被指控侵权了竞争对手的专利技术。
EN: This company is accused of infringing on a competitor's patent technology.

ZH: 侵权行为将受到法律的制裁。
EN: Infringement actions will be sanctioned by law.

ZH: 我们将采取法律行动来维护我们的版权不受侵权。
EN: We will take legal action to protect our copyright from infringement.

ZH: 他们的产品被指控侵犯了他人的商标权。
EN: Their products have been accused of infringing on someone else's trademark rights.

ZH: 这家公司不得不支付数百万美元的罚款，因为他们的产品侵权了专利。
EN: This company had to pay millions of dollars in fines because their products infringed on a patent.

ZH: 我们将坚决打击侵权行为，维护市场秩序。
EN: We will resolutely crack down on infringement and maintain market order.

ZH: 该网站因侵权被要求立即关闭。
EN: The website was asked to shut down immediately for infringement.

ZH: 他们已经向法院提起了一起侵权诉讼。
EN: They have filed a copyright infringement lawsuit in court.

ZH: 这部电影的侵权问题引起了业界的广泛关注。
EN: The copyright infringement issue of this film has attracted widespread attention in the industry.

ZH: 我们对侵权行为的零容忍政策取得了积极成果。
EN: Our zero-tolerance policy on infringement has yielded positive results.

ZH: 他们将努力维护自己的知识产权，不容许任何侵权行为。
EN: They will strive to protect their intellectual property and not allow any infringement.

ZH: 民事侵权可以导致经济损失，并可能被追究法律责任。
EN: Civil infringement can result in financial losses and may lead to legal liability.

ZH: 这部小说的侵权问题已经引发了作者和版权所有者之间的纠纷。
EN: The copyright infringement issue of this novel has sparked a dispute between the author and the copyright owner.

ZH: 他们的设计在未经允许的情况下被复制，构成了侵权行为。
EN: Their design was copied without permission, constituting an infringement.

ZH: 侵犯他人的知识产权是不道德的行为，应受到法律制裁。
EN: Infringing on someone else's intellectual property is unethical and should be subject to legal sanctions.
