ZH: 这家公司被指控未经许可侵犯了专利权。
EN: The company was accused of infringing on the patent without permission.

ZH: 在网络上发布他人作品要先征得授权，否则会侵犯版权。
EN: You need to obtain authorization before posting someone else's work online, otherwise you will violate copyright.

ZH: 这部电影侵犯了他人隐私权，遭到了很多负面评价。
EN: This movie violated someone's privacy and received a lot of negative reviews.

ZH: 网络钓鱼行为可能会侵犯您的个人信息。
EN: Phishing activities on the internet can potentially compromise your personal information.

ZH: 非法窃听是对他人隐私权的侵犯。
EN: Illegal wiretapping is a violation of someone's privacy rights.

ZH: 这家公司的产品模仿了其他公司的设计，涉嫌侵犯知识产权。
EN: The company's product imitated the design of another company, potentially infringing on intellectual property rights.

ZH: 在某些情况下，自卫行为可以被认为是对他人的侵犯。
EN: In certain situations, self-defense actions can be considered an infringement on others.

ZH: 盗版行为严重侵犯了正版资源的权益。
EN: Piracy seriously infringes on the rights of legitimate resources.

ZH: 他的言论侵犯了我的人格权。
EN: His speech violated my personal rights.

ZH: 这则新闻报道有可能侵犯了涉事人的名誉权。
EN: This news report may infringe on the reputation rights of the individuals involved.

ZH: 偷窃他人财物是对他们所有权的侵犯。
EN: Stealing someone's property is an infringement on their ownership rights.

ZH: 在工作场所性骚扰是对个人尊严的侵犯。
EN: Sexual harassment in the workplace is a violation of personal dignity.

ZH: 这个行为侵犯了他人的肖像权。
EN: This behavior infringes on someone's right to their own image.

ZH: 在没有允许的情况下复制他人的创作是对著作权的侵犯。
EN: Copying someone's creation without permission is an infringement of copyright.

ZH: 对他人进行暴力行为是对人身权的侵犯。
EN: Committing acts of violence against others is a violation of personal rights.

ZH: 在没有同意的情况下公开他人的私人信件是对隐私权的侵犯。
EN: Disclosing someone's private letters without consent is an invasion of privacy.

ZH: 这款手机软件侵犯了用户的隐私权。
EN: This mobile app violates users' privacy rights.

ZH: 发布假新闻可能会侵犯公众的知情权。
EN: Publishing fake news can potentially infringe on the public's right to information.

ZH: 售卖盗版DVD是对电影制片方的侵犯。
EN: Selling pirated DVDs is an infringement on the film production companies.

ZH: 持有他人的信用卡信息并进行盗刷是对个人财产权的侵犯。
EN: Possessing someone's credit card information and using it for fraudulent transactions is a violation of personal property rights.
