ZH: 他喜欢信口开河，经常说一些毫无根据的话。
EN: He likes to talk nonsense, often speaking without any basis.

ZH: 这个人总是信口开河，没人相信他说的话。
EN: This person always talks rubbish, nobody believes what he says.

ZH: 别听他信口开河，他不懂这个问题。
EN: Don't listen to his nonsense, he doesn't understand this issue.

ZH: 他听到这个新闻后，马上信口开河地评论起来。
EN: After hearing the news, he immediately started talking nonsense.

ZH: 我们的老板每天都会信口开河地鼓舞我们。
EN: Our boss encourages us every day with his empty words.

ZH: 当她激动时，她会信口开河地说出一些让人匪夷所思的话。
EN: When she gets excited, she tends to blurt out some bizarre words.

ZH: 他信口开河地说我偷了他的东西，完全是无中生有。
EN: He made up the story that I stole his things, it's completely baseless.

ZH: 他看起来是在信口开河，似乎不太确信自己说的话。
EN: He seems to be talking without thinking, not really convinced of what he is saying.

ZH: 这个电视节目总是信口开河地夸大事实来吸引观众。
EN: This TV show always exaggerates facts to attract viewers.

ZH: 不要在信口开河之前仔细考虑你要说的话。
EN: Don't speak without careful consideration of what you want to say.

ZH: 他一向信口开河，所以我才不相信他现在所说的话。
EN: He has always been a blabber, so I don't believe what he is saying now.

ZH: 请不要随便信口开河，这样会导致误解和混乱。
EN: Please don't randomly talk nonsense, it will lead to misunderstanding and confusion.

ZH: 他的言论简直就是信口开河，毫无依据。
EN: His statement is simply talking nonsense, without any basis.

ZH: 在紧急情况下，不要信口开河，保持冷静才能解决问题。
EN: In an emergency, don't blurt out words, staying calm is the key to problem-solving.

ZH: 请停止信口开河，我们需要准确的信息来做决策。
EN: Please stop talking nonsense, we need accurate information to make decisions.

ZH: 对于一个诚实的人来说，信口开河是不可接受的。
EN: For an honest person, talking nonsense is unacceptable.

ZH: 当他紧张时，他会信口开河，说出一些让人困惑的话。
EN: When he gets nervous, he tends to blurt out confusing words.

ZH: 别以为任何时候都可以信口开河，这样做会破坏你的信誉。
EN: Don't think you can talk nonsense anytime, it will damage your reputation.

ZH: 他已经失信于我们了，所以我们不再信他的口开河。
EN: He has proven himself untrustworthy, so we no longer believe his empty words.

ZH: 经验丰富的演讲者不会信口开河，他们会有准备才讲话。
EN: Experienced speakers don't talk nonsense, they prepare before speaking.
