ZH: 从高楼的屋顶上，你可以俯瞰整个城市。
EN: From the roof of the tall building, you can overlook the entire city.

ZH: 他站在山顶上，俯瞰着美丽的山谷。
EN: He stood on the mountaintop, overlooking the beautiful valley.

ZH: 俯瞰湖面时，我感到一阵宁静和平静。
EN: Looking down on the lake, I felt a sense of tranquility and calmness.

ZH: 我们在直升机上俯瞰着壮观的大峡谷。
EN: We were overlooking the spectacular Grand Canyon from a helicopter.

ZH: 俯瞰整个村子，我看到了许多农田和小房子。
EN: Overlooking the entire village, I saw many farmlands and small houses.

ZH: 坐在山顶上的观景台上，你可以俯瞰美丽的海滩。
EN: Sitting on the observation deck atop the mountain, you can overlook the beautiful beach.

ZH: 他登上了塔楼，通过望远镜俯瞰城市的全景。
EN: He climbed up the tower and used a telescope to survey the panoramic view of the city.

ZH: 我们攀登山峰后，从山顶俯瞰整个山脉。
EN: After climbing the mountain peak, we overlooked the entire mountain range from the summit.

ZH: 他登上了山峰，俯瞰着下面的小村庄。
EN: He reached the mountaintop and looked down on the small village below.

ZH: 我们站在悬崖边缘上，俯瞰着瀑布的壮丽景象。
EN: We stood on the edge of the cliff, overlooking the magnificent sight of the waterfall.

ZH: 从飞机上俯瞰，可以看到城市的繁忙街道和高楼大厦。
EN: Overlooking from the airplane, you can see the busy streets and tall buildings of the city.

ZH: 他坐在公园的长凳上，俯瞰着孩子们在草地上玩耍。
EN: He sat on a bench in the park, watching the children play on the grassy field.

ZH: 我们登上了山岗，俯瞰着广袤的森林。
EN: We climbed up the hill and looked down upon the vast forest.

ZH: 他站在山坡上，俯瞰着远处的河流。
EN: He stood on the hillside, overlooking the distant river.

ZH: 从房间的窗户里，你可以俯瞰到花园的美景。
EN: From the window of the room, you can overlook the beautiful scenery of the garden.

ZH: 在高塔上俯瞰，你可以欣赏到城市的夜景。
EN: Overlooking from the tall tower, you can enjoy the city's night view.

ZH: 她爬上了山岩，然后俯瞰着下面的海湾。
EN: She climbed up the rocky cliff and then looked down on the bay below.

ZH: 我们站在山崖的边缘，俯瞰着蔚蓝的大海。
EN: We stood on the edge of the cliff, overlooking the deep blue sea.

ZH: 从高山的山顶上，你可以俯瞰到村庄的全景。
EN: From the mountaintop, you can overlook the panoramic view of the village.

ZH: 在天空中飞行，你可以俯瞰到地面上的各种地貌。
EN: Flying in the sky, you can overlook various landforms on the ground.
