ZH: 这个公司的利润在过去两年里倍增。
EN: The profits of this company have doubled in the past two years.

ZH: 在过去十年里，中国的经济规模已经倍增。
EN: Over the past decade, China's economy has grown double.

ZH: 他通过投资房地产赚了很多钱，财富倍增。
EN: He made a lot of money by investing in real estate, doubling his wealth.

ZH: 这家工厂计划在未来五年内将产能倍增。
EN: This factory plans to double its production capacity in the next five years.

ZH: 几乎所有我们的电子设备都有倍增的计算能力。
EN: Almost all of our electronic devices have a doubling computing power.

ZH: 农田的面积从去年的1,000亩倍增到今年的2,000亩。
EN: The area of farmland has doubled from 1,000 mu last year to 2,000 mu this year.

ZH: 他们要通过扩展销售渠道来倍增他们的市场份额。
EN: They want to double their market share by expanding their sales channels.

ZH: 由于提高生产效率，这家工厂的产量倍增。
EN: Due to increased production efficiency, the output of this factory has doubled.

ZH: 这个城市的人口在过去二十年里倍增了。
EN: The population of this city has doubled in the past twenty years.

ZH: 通过优化工艺流程，这家工厂的产能得到了倍增。
EN: By optimizing the production process, the capacity of this factory has been doubled.

ZH: 他们决定增加广告投放以倍增产品的知名度。
EN: They decided to increase advertising to double the visibility of their product.

ZH: 这个项目的规模会在未来三年内倍增。
EN: The scale of this project will double in the next three years.

ZH: 借助创新技术，这家公司的市值得到了倍增。
EN: With the help of innovative technology, the market value of this company has doubled.

ZH: 通过降低成本和提高质量，我们的利润可以倍增。
EN: By reducing costs and improving quality, our profits can double.

ZH: 他们的销售额在过去一年里倍增了。
EN: Their sales revenue has doubled in the past year.

ZH: 这个团队计划扩大规模，将员工数量倍增。
EN: This team plans to expand and double the number of employees.

ZH: 这家公司希望通过开拓新市场实现客户数量的倍增。
EN: This company hopes to double its customer base by tapping into new markets.

ZH: 通过开发新产品线，这家公司的收入有望倍增。
EN: By developing new product lines, this company's revenue is expected to double.

ZH: 他们希望通过增加生产线来倍增产量。
EN: They hope to double the production output by adding more production lines.

ZH: 这个企业的市值在短短一年内倍增了。
EN: The market value of this enterprise doubled in just one year.
