ZH: 我今天真倒霉，会议室里的投影仪坏了。
EN: I had a stroke of bad luck today - the projector in the conference room broke.

ZH: 我们计划去野餐，结果天气倒霉，下了一整天的雨。
EN: We were planning a picnic, but we had bad luck with the weather - it rained all day.

ZH: 我昨晚倒霉到忘了带家里的钥匙。
EN: I had such bad luck last night that I forgot to bring the keys to my house.

ZH: 她今天倒霉到被车泼了一身的水。
EN: She had such bad luck today that a passing car splashed water all over her.

ZH: 我这个月倒霉到手机和电脑都坏掉了。
EN: I've had such bad luck this month that both my phone and computer broke.

ZH: 我倒霉到今天晚上连续工作到很晚。
EN: I had such bad luck that I had to work late into the night today.

ZH: 他周末倒霉到去爬山迷路了。
EN: He had such bad luck over the weekend that he got lost while hiking.

ZH: 这家餐馆的服务员倒霉到把我的点餐给搞错了。
EN: The waiter at this restaurant had such bad luck that he messed up my order.

ZH: 我们打算去海滩度假，结果遇到倒霉的大风浪。
EN: We were planning a beach vacation, but had bad luck with strong winds and waves.

ZH: 今天的比赛我们倒霉到遇到对手的队员受伤。
EN: We had such bad luck in today's match that the opponent's player got injured.

ZH: 她这次旅行倒霉到行李箱被弄丢了。
EN: She had such bad luck on this trip that her suitcase got lost.

ZH: 我昨天去考试，倒霉到碰到了一个不会的题目。
EN: I had such bad luck yesterday that I encountered a question I didn't know in the exam.

ZH: 我今天倒霉到错过了公交车，只好步行回家。
EN: I had such bad luck today that I missed the bus and had to walk home.

ZH: 和他合作真是倒霉，整个项目都推迟了。
EN: It was bad luck to work with him - the whole project got delayed.

ZH: 我倒霉到公司发布加班通知，要连续加班一个星期。
EN: I had such bad luck that the company announced overtime, and I have to work for a week straight.

ZH: 我们开车去度假，结果倒霉到车子坏了。
EN: We were driving to our vacation spot but had bad luck with the car breaking down.

ZH: 我这个月倒霉到收到了好几个罚单。
EN: I had such bad luck this month that I received several fines.

ZH: 他今天的运气真不好，倒霉到把文件弄丢了。
EN: His luck was really bad today - he lost the documents.

ZH: 我们计划去露营，却碰到了倒霉的暴雨。
EN: We were planning a camping trip, but we had the bad luck of a torrential rainstorm.

ZH: 这周倒霉透了，事事不顺利。
EN: This week has been so unlucky, nothing is going smoothly.
