ZH: 我可以借用你的铅笔吗？(Can I borrow your pencil?)
EN: Can I borrow your pen, please?

ZH: 他借用了我的自行车去上班。(He borrowed my bike to go to work.)
EN: He borrowed my bicycle to go to work.

ZH: 她借用了我的笔记本电脑做作业。(She borrowed my laptop to do homework.)
EN: She borrowed my laptop to do homework.

ZH: 学校图书馆允许学生们借用书籍。(The school library allows students to borrow books.)
EN: The school library allows students to borrow books.

ZH: 他借用了朋友的钱去旅行。(He borrowed money from a friend to travel.)
EN: He borrowed money from a friend to travel.

ZH: 她借用了姐姐的裙子去参加晚会。(She borrowed her sister's dress to attend the party.)
EN: She borrowed her sister's dress to attend the party.

ZH: 我可以借用你的车吗？(Can I borrow your car?)
EN: Can I borrow your car, please?

ZH: 他在图书馆里借用了一本小说。(He borrowed a novel from the library.)
EN: He borrowed a novel from the library.

ZH: 她借用了我母亲的围巾去旅行。(She borrowed my mother's scarf to travel.)
EN: She borrowed my mother's scarf to travel.

ZH: 我想借用你的梳子。(I want to borrow your comb.)
EN: I want to borrow your comb.

ZH: 他借用了朋友的相机去拍照。(He borrowed a camera from a friend to take pictures.)
EN: He borrowed a camera from a friend to take pictures.

ZH: 我们可以借用这间房间开会吗？(Can we borrow this room for a meeting?)
EN: Can we borrow this room for a meeting?

ZH: 她借用了我的手机打电话。(She borrowed my phone to make a call.)
EN: She borrowed my phone to make a call.

ZH: 我借用了同事的笔记本电脑做报告。(I borrowed my colleague's laptop to prepare a report.)
EN: I borrowed my colleague's laptop to prepare a report.

ZH: 我可以借用你的充电器吗？(Can I borrow your charger?)
EN: Can I borrow your charger, please?

ZH: 他借用了我的钢笔写字。(He borrowed my fountain pen to write.)
EN: He borrowed my fountain pen to write.

ZH: 朋友们常常借用我的书籍看。(Friends often borrow my books to read.)
EN: Friends often borrow my books to read.

ZH: 我今天忘记借用书去图书馆。(I forgot to borrow books to the library today.)
EN: I forgot to borrow books to the library today.

ZH: 我需要借用你的文件夹整理文档。(I need to borrow your folder to organize documents.)
EN: I need to borrow your folder to organize documents.
