ZH: 我是这个家庭的长子，我有权做主。
EN: I am the eldest son of this family, I have the authority to make decisions.

ZH: 她是公司的总经理，她有权做主。
EN: She is the general manager of the company, she has the authority to make decisions.

ZH: 当父母的做主，你们要给孩子一个明确的规矩。
EN: As parents, you need to establish clear rules for your children.

ZH: 在这个问题上，他是做主的人。
EN: He is the one who makes the decision on this issue.

ZH: 作为班长，我有权做主维持课室纪律。
EN: As the class monitor, I have the authority to maintain classroom discipline.

ZH: 不要总是让别人做主，你也要学会做决定。
EN: Don't always let others make decisions for you, you also need to learn to decide.

ZH: 我们应该一起商量，不要单方面做主。
EN: We should discuss it together instead of making unilateral decisions.

ZH: 别人的事情，你就不要做主了。
EN: Don't interfere in other people's affairs.

ZH: 他对这个项目负责，有权做主。
EN: He is in charge of this project and has the authority to make decisions.

ZH: 在婚姻中，夫妻双方都应该有机会做主。
EN: In marriage, both partners should have the opportunity to make decisions.

ZH: 作为学生会主席，我有义务做主维护同学们的权益。
EN: As the president of the student council, I have the duty to make decisions and protect the rights of my classmates.

ZH: 你是队长，你有权做主选择队员。
EN: You are the team captain, you have the authority to make decisions in choosing team members.

ZH: 作为父母，我们要给孩子们一定的自由，但也要有权做主在必要时制定规矩。
EN: As parents, we should give our children certain freedom, but we also have the authority to establish rules when necessary.

ZH: 在这个家庭里，妈妈是做主的人。
EN: In this family, mom is the one who makes the decisions.

ZH: 作为老师，我有义务做主解决学生之间的矛盾。
EN: As a teacher, I have the responsibility to make decisions and resolve conflicts among students.

ZH: 别总是等别人来做主，你也有发言权。
EN: Don't always wait for others to make decisions, you also have the right to speak up.

ZH: 这个问题很重要，我们需要找一个有责任心的人来做主。
EN: This issue is important, we need to find a responsible person to make the decision.

ZH: 在这个团队中，大家都有机会做主提出建议。
EN: In this team, everyone has the opportunity to make suggestions and decisions.

ZH: 作为小班班长，我有权做主制定课堂秩序。
EN: As the monitor of the small class, I have the authority to establish classroom order.

ZH: 在这个项目中，项目经理有权做主决定如何分配任务。
EN: In this project, the project manager has the authority to decide how to allocate tasks.

ZH: 你们两个都是重要的股东，应该共同做主决定公司的未来发展方向。
EN: Both of you are important shareholders, you should jointly make decisions on the future development direction of the company.
