ZH: 他被妻子发现后，坦白承认他曾经偷情。
EN: After being caught by his wife, he openly admitted that he had had an affair.

ZH: 她和她的前男友偷情了一段时间，最终导致他们分手。
EN: She had an affair with her ex-boyfriend for a while, leading to their breakup.

ZH: 这对情侣因为其中一人偷情而感情破裂。
EN: This couple's relationship fell apart because one of them had an affair.

ZH: 他背着妻子偷情，结果被发现后立即被抛弃。
EN: He cheated on his wife, and as soon as he was caught, he was immediately dumped.

ZH: 许多电视剧和电影都描写了男女主角的偷情引发的家庭危机。
EN: Many TV shows and movies depict the family crisis caused by the protagonist's affair.

ZH: 她经历了一段痛苦的偷情，并终于意识到她应该忠于自己的伴侣。
EN: She went through a painful affair and eventually realized that she should be loyal to her own partner.

ZH: 这个男人的心开始游离于他的婚姻，并决定与他的前女友偷情。
EN: This man's heart started to stray from his marriage, and he decided to have an affair with his ex-girlfriend.

ZH: 女主角发现她的丈夫与她最好的朋友偷情。
EN: The female protagonist discovered that her husband was having an affair with her best friend.

ZH: 她的丈夫以出差为借口与其他女人偷情。
EN: Her husband used his business trips as an excuse to have affairs with other women.

ZH: 这个明星因为偷情的丑闻而声誉受损。
EN: This celebrity's reputation was tarnished due to a scandal of having affairs.

ZH: 他为了满足自己的欲望，不顾婚姻道德地偷情。
EN: He had affairs without considering the moral boundaries of his marriage, just to fulfill his desires.

ZH: 女主角暗中偷情，试图填补她与丈夫之间的情感空白。
EN: The female protagonist secretly had affairs, trying to fill the emotional gap between her and her husband.

ZH: 他感到空虚无聊时，就会外遇偷情来填补心灵的空缺。
EN: When he felt empty and bored, he would have affairs to fill the void in his soul.

ZH: 这对夫妻的婚姻陷入了危机，因为丈夫在背后偷情。
EN: This couple's marriage was in crisis because the husband was having affairs behind their back.

ZH: 她与新上司擦出了爱的火花，最终导致了一场偷情。
EN: She sparked a love affair with her new boss, which eventually led to an affair.

ZH: 这对夫妻通过心理咨询师的帮助，重新修复了他们的婚姻，结束了偷情。
EN: With the help of a marriage counselor, this couple managed to repair their marriage and end the affair.

ZH: 他陷入了道德困境，不知道是否应该坦诚地告诉妻子他的偷情行为。
EN: He was caught in a moral dilemma, not knowing whether he should honestly tell his wife about his affair.

ZH: 这个男人的奸情曝光后，他一直在努力挽回他和妻子之间的感情。
EN: After his affair was exposed, this man has been working hard to regain the love between him and his wife.

ZH: 偷情不仅会伤害受害者，在家庭中产生诸多不良影响。
EN: Having an affair not only hurts the victim but also has various negative effects on the family.

ZH: 他对妻子作出了诺言，发誓将永远远离偷情的行为。
EN: He made a promise to his wife, vowing to stay away from any cheating behavior forever.
