ZH: 我看到他把我的生日蛋糕吃完了，我顿时傻眼了。
EN: I was dumbfounded when I saw him eating my entire birthday cake.

ZH: 小明的高考成绩令他傻眼了，因为他没想到会那么差。
EN: Xiao Ming was shocked by his college entrance exam results, as he didn't expect them to be so bad.

ZH: 爸爸今天走进家门时，看到一地的打碎的花瓶，他傻眼了。
EN: Dad was dumbfounded when he walked home today and saw broken vases all over the floor.

ZH: 我打开冰箱，却发现什么都没有了，真是让人傻眼。
EN: I opened the fridge, only to find there was nothing left. It was truly dumbfounding.

ZH: 她的努力终于没有白费，让别人傻眼了。
EN: Her efforts finally paid off and left others astonished.

ZH: 我们昨天在游乐园排队等了两个小时，结果那个项目停工了，真是傻眼。
EN: We stood in line at the amusement park for two hours yesterday, only to find out that the ride was closed. It was truly dumbfounding.

ZH: 他们为了这次旅行花了大量的钱，但是突然旅行计划取消了，他们都傻眼了。
EN: They spent a lot of money on this trip, but suddenly the travel plans were cancelled, leaving them all dumbfounded.

ZH: 我用力敲了门，却没有人回应，感到非常傻眼。
EN: I knocked on the door with all my strength, but no one responded, making me feel extremely dumbfounded.

ZH: 他刚刚入职不久就被解雇了，这让他傻眼了。
EN: He was fired shortly after joining the company, which left him dumbfounded.

ZH: 她以为自己的生日会有很多人来，但结果只有一个朋友，真是傻眼。
EN: She thought there would be many people attending her birthday, but in the end, only one friend showed up. It was truly dumbfounding.

ZH: 老板突然宣布要减薪，员工们都傻眼了。
EN: The boss suddenly announced a pay cut, leaving all the employees dumbfounded.

ZH: 他以为这个游戏很简单，没想到一开始就输了，傻眼了。
EN: He thought this game was easy, but ended up losing right at the beginning, leaving him dumbfounded.

ZH: 我们本来计划好了去海边度假，却被台风迫使取消，让我们傻眼了。
EN: We had planned a beach vacation, but it was forced to be canceled due to a typhoon, leaving us dumbfounded.

ZH: 他一直自信满满，却在比赛中遭到彻底打击，傻眼了。
EN: He was always full of confidence, but was completely crushed during the competition, leaving him dumbfounded.

ZH: 她以为自己做得很好，结果被老师批评了一番，傻眼了。
EN: She thought she did well, but ended up being criticized by the teacher, leaving her dumbfounded.

ZH: 我们找了一天的停车位，却一直没有找到，真是让我们傻眼。
EN: We looked for a parking space all day, but couldn't find one. It was truly dumbfounding.

ZH: 他把我买了好久的礼物弄丢了，我当时傻眼了。
EN: He lost the gift that I had bought for a long time. I was dumbfounded at that moment.

ZH: 他没想到自己的好朋友会对他说出那样的话，让他傻眼了。
EN: He didn't expect his good friend to say such words to him, leaving him dumbfounded.

ZH: 老公说要带我去一个惊喜的地方，结果带我去修车厂，我当时傻眼了。
EN: My husband said he would take me to a surprise place, but ended up taking me to a car repair shop. I was dumbfounded at that moment.

ZH: 我去学校的时候，看到考试题全部都是数学，我顿时傻眼了。
EN: When I went to school and saw that all the exam questions were about math, I was dumbfounded.
