ZH: 在这座小村庄里，僧多粥少，所以食物总是不够。
EN: In this small village, there are too many people and not enough food, so supplies are always running low.

ZH: 僧多粥少的情况下，我们得更加节俭地处理食物。
EN: With too many mouths to feed and not enough food to go around, we need to be more frugal with our meals.

ZH: 这个城市的人口增长太快，现在也已经出现了僧多粥少的困境。
EN: The rapid population growth in this city has now led to a situation of too many people and too little food.

ZH: 这家餐厅生意一直很好，但最近因为僧多粥少，他们也开始缩减服务。
EN: This restaurant has always been popular, but lately they have had to cut back on services due to the demand outweighing the supply.

ZH: 随着城市规模的扩大，我们可能会面临更加严重的僧多粥少问题。
EN: With the expansion of the city, we may face even more serious problems of too many people and too little food.

ZH: 在这种僧多粥少的情况下，我们必须团结一致，共同解决问题。
EN: In a situation of too many people and too little food, we must unite and work together to solve the problem.

ZH: 他们一家人住在一间小屋里，每天都得面对僧多粥少的困境。
EN: Living in a small hut, they face the daily struggle of too many mouths to feed and not enough food.

ZH: 在危难时刻，我们更应该团结在一起，共克僧多粥少的困难。
EN: In times of crisis, we must come together and overcome the difficulties of too many people and too little food.

ZH: 这个城市的资源一直都被大量的移民耗尽，现在已经变成了一个僧多粥少的地方。
EN: The resources of this city have always been depleted by a large number of immigrants, turning it into a place of too many people and too little food.

ZH: 小学生的数量急剧增长，学校面临着僧多粥少的困境。
EN: With a rapid increase in the number of primary school students, schools are facing a situation of too many children and too little food.

ZH: 在这个贫穷的地区，每天都得面对僧多粥少的挑战。
EN: In this impoverished area, they face the daily challenge of too many people and too little food.

ZH: 由于连续的干旱，这片土地上已经出现了僧多粥少的情况。
EN: Due to the persistent drought, this land is now facing a situation of too many people and too little food.

ZH: 在他们的小村庄里没有任何商店，所以他们也经常会面对僧多粥少的问题。
EN: In their small village, there are no shops, so they often face the problem of too many people and too little food.

ZH: 越来越多的人涌入这座城市，导致了僧多粥少的现象。
EN: The influx of more and more people into this city has led to a situation of too many people and too little food.

ZH: 这个家庭有六口人，他们每天都得应对僧多粥少的挑战。
EN: This family of six must face the daily challenge of too many people and too little food.

ZH: 农村地区往往会面临着僧多粥少的局面。
EN: Rural areas often face a situation of too many people and too little food.

ZH: 这个国家的资源一直都是僧多粥少，导致贫穷和饥饿的问题。
EN: The resources of this country have always been too strained, leading to issues of poverty and hunger.

ZH: 他们生活在一个僧多粥少的社区里，所以必须要合作来解决问题。
EN: Living in a community with too many people and too little food, they must cooperate to solve the problem.

ZH: 在这座渔村里，僧多粥少的现象一直都很严重。
EN: In this fishing village, the situation of too many people and too little food has always been serious.
