ZH: 我全然不知道这个计划。 (I have no idea about this plan.)
EN: I'm completely clueless about this plan.

ZH: 他全然相信自己的能力。 (He fully believes in his abilities.)
EN: He has total faith in his abilities.

ZH: 她全然不在乎别人的意见。 (She completely disregards other people's opinions.)
EN: She doesn't care at all about other people's opinions.

ZH: 我全然没有时间去旅行。 (I have absolutely no time to travel.)
EN: I have no time whatsoever to travel.

ZH: 这个问题他们全然忽略了。 (They completely overlooked this issue.)
EN: They completely ignored this issue.

ZH: 我全然不能接受这个解释。 (I absolutely cannot accept this explanation.)
EN: I cannot accept this explanation at all.

ZH: 他全然忘记了我们的约定。 (He completely forgot about our agreement.)
EN: He totally forgot about our agreement.

ZH: 她全然不理会我的忠告。 (She completely ignores my advice.)
EN: She completely disregards my advice.

ZH: 这本书对我全然没有吸引力。 (This book has no appeal to me whatsoever.)
EN: This book is completely unappealing to me.

ZH: 地铁上全然没有人。 (There is absolutely no one on the subway.)
EN: There is no one at all on the subway.

ZH: 他全然接受了我的道歉。 (He fully accepted my apology.)
EN: He fully accepted my apology.

ZH: 这个决定我全然支持。 (I wholeheartedly support this decision.)
EN: I fully support this decision.

ZH: 她全然改变了她的计划。 (She completely changed her plans.)
EN: She completely changed her plans.

ZH: 这个任务对我来说全然不可能。 (This task is completely impossible for me.)
EN: This task is absolutely impossible for me.

ZH: 我全然相信你的能力。 (I have complete faith in your abilities.)
EN: I have full confidence in your abilities.

ZH: 他全然不关心你的问题。 (He couldn't care less about your problems.)
EN: He has absolutely no concern for your problems.

ZH: 我全然没有兴趣参加这个活动。 (I have zero interest in participating in this activity.)
EN: I have absolutely no interest in joining this activity.

ZH: 这个观点对我来说全然毫无意义。 (This viewpoint is completely meaningless to me.)
EN: This viewpoint is completely meaningless to me.

ZH: 她全然相信你的承诺。 (She fully believes in your promises.)
EN: She has complete trust in your promises.

ZH: 我全然不能理解你的决定。 (I can't comprehend your decision at all.)
EN: I can't understand your decision in the slightest.

ZH: 这些消息让我全然震惊。 (These news completely shocked me.)
EN: These news left me utterly shocked.
