ZH: 我每个月都会从工资中扣除一定数额的公积金。
EN: I deduct a certain amount of housing provident fund from my salary every month.

ZH: 公积金是一种用途广泛的社会保障制度。
EN: Housing provident fund is a widely used social security system.

ZH: 他的公积金账户中有很多存款。
EN: He has a lot of savings in his housing provident fund account.

ZH: 公积金可以用于购房、租房等住房相关用途。
EN: Housing provident fund can be used for purposes such as purchasing or renting a house.

ZH: 每个公民都可以参加公积金制度。
EN: Every citizen is eligible to participate in the housing provident fund system.

ZH: 公积金的缴存比例根据工资水平而定。
EN: The contribution ratio of the housing provident fund depends on the salary level.

ZH: 公积金是个人和单位共同缴存的。
EN: The housing provident fund is contributed by both individuals and companies.

ZH: 我希望能提取公积金购买自己的房子。
EN: I hope to withdraw housing provident fund to buy my own house.

ZH: 公积金制度的出现帮助了很多人实现安居梦想。
EN: The introduction of the housing provident fund system has helped many people achieve their dream of home ownership.

ZH: 他的公积金账户余额很高。
EN: He has a high balance in his housing provident fund account.

ZH: 我通过公积金贷款买了一套房子。
EN: I bought a house with a loan from the housing provident fund.

ZH: 她没有太多的积蓄，但是有一笔不错的公积金。
EN: She doesn't have much savings, but she has a decent amount of housing provident fund.

ZH: 公积金的利率比银行存款利率要高。
EN: The interest rate of housing provident fund is higher than the bank deposit interest rate.

ZH: 每个月，我都会自动缴存一部分工资到公积金账户中。
EN: Every month, I automatically contribute a portion of my salary to the housing provident fund account.

ZH: 我需要提供一些资料来申请提取公积金。
EN: I need to provide some documents to apply for the withdrawal of housing provident fund.

ZH: 公积金可以用于支付购房的首付款。
EN: Housing provident fund can be used to pay for the down payment of a house.

ZH: 公积金的余额可以随时查询。
EN: The balance of the housing provident fund can be checked anytime.

ZH: 公积金的提取有一定的限制条件。
EN: There are certain restrictions on the withdrawal of housing provident fund.

ZH: 公积金可以用于装修房屋的费用。
EN: Housing provident fund can be used for the expenses of house renovation.

ZH: 公积金是一种长期的储蓄方式。
EN: Housing provident fund is a long-term savings method.
