ZH: 公司裁员后，其后出现了许多抗议活动。
EN: After the company laid off employees, there were many protest activities thereafter.

ZH: 草地上种下了新花卉，其后吸引了许多蝴蝶。
EN: New flowers were planted on the lawn, attracting many butterflies thereafter.

ZH: 考试结束后，其后的几个星期是放松和休息的时间。
EN: After the exams were over, the following weeks were a time to relax and rest.

ZH: 她接受了新工作的邀请，其后搬到了另一个城市。
EN: She accepted a job offer and moved to another city thereafter.

ZH: 在他提出辞职后，其后的事情发展得不尽人意。
EN: Things did not go as planned thereafter after he handed in his resignation.

ZH: 马拉松比赛后，其后我感到很疲惫。
EN: After the marathon race, I felt very exhausted thereafter.

ZH: 在这场山火之后，其后的几个月都在重建毁坏的房屋。
EN: After the wildfire, the following months were spent rebuilding the damaged houses.

ZH: 装修完成后，其后的几年里我们都感到很满足。
EN: After the renovation was completed, we felt very satisfied thereafter for the next few years.

ZH: 政府宣布节省水资源的计划，其后采取了一系列措施。
EN: The government announced a plan to conserve water resources, and thereafter took a series of measures.

ZH: 毕业典礼结束后，其后大家都离开了会场。
EN: After the graduation ceremony ended, everyone left the venue thereafter.

ZH: 在颁奖典礼后，其后的庆祝派对办得非常成功。
EN: The celebration party thereafter the awards ceremony was very successful.

ZH: 节日表演结束后，其后观众们纷纷离开了剧院。
EN: The audience left the theater thereafter the holiday performance ended.

ZH: 学校开始实施新的课程方案，其后反响不错。
EN: The school started implementing a new curriculum plan, and the response thereafter was positive.

ZH: 治疗结束后，其后病人们需要继续药物的维持治疗。
EN: After the treatment ends, patients will then need to continue with maintenance therapy thereafter.

ZH: 销售季结束后，其后的几周是处理退货和库存清理的时候。
EN: After the sales season ended, the following weeks were spent dealing with returns and clearing out inventory thereafter.

ZH: 在开发新产品的计划宣布后，其后的几个月都在加班加点进行研究。
EN: After the plan to develop a new product was announced, the following months were spent working overtime on research thereafter.

ZH: 旅行结束后，其后的日子里我一直怀念着山清水秀的风景。
EN: After the trip ended, I continued to yearn for the beautiful scenery thereafter in the following days.

ZH: 在解决这个问题后，其后一个新挑战就是如何维持成果。
EN: After solving this problem, the next challenge thereafter is how to maintain the results.

ZH: 在过了关于新规章制度的磋商后，其后员工对此有了更深入的理解。
EN: After the discussion about the new rules and regulations, employees had a deeper understanding thereafter.

ZH: 阅读完这本书后，其后我感觉灵感涌现，开始写作自己的小说。
EN: After reading this book, I felt inspired thereafter and started writing my own novel.
