ZH: 这个公司在内外都享有很好的声誉。
EN: This company has a good reputation both domestically and internationally.

ZH: 这次展览吸引了众多内外观众。
EN: This exhibition attracted a large audience from both inside and outside the country.

ZH: 这部电影在内外都受到了好评。
EN: This movie received positive reviews both domestically and internationally.

ZH: 我们要将品质做好，让产品在内外都能获得认可。
EN: We need to ensure good quality so that our products can be recognized both inside and outside the country.

ZH: 内外交通畅通，很适合旅游。
EN: With smooth transportation both domestically and internationally, it is very suitable for tourism.

ZH: 这样的设计在内外都很流行。
EN: This design is popular both inside and outside the country.

ZH: 这间公司在内外都设有分支机构。
EN: This company has branch offices both inside and outside the country.

ZH: 这次会议邀请了内外专家进行交流。
EN: This conference invited experts from both inside and outside the country for exchanges.

ZH: 这所学校在内外都有很高的声望。
EN: This school has a high reputation both inside and outside the country.

ZH: 这篇文章在内外引起了很大的关注。
EN: This article has attracted considerable attention both domestically and internationally.

ZH: 内外的市场需求都在不断增长。
EN: Market demands both inside and outside are constantly growing.

ZH: 这个计划受到内外各方的支持。
EN: This plan has received support from all sides both inside and outside the country.

ZH: 这个国家需要内外合作来促进发展。
EN: This country needs internal and external cooperation to promote development.

ZH: 这个城市的建设得到了内外专家的帮助。
EN: The construction of this city has been assisted by experts from both inside and outside the country.

ZH: 这里的商品畅销于内外。
EN: The goods here are selling well both inside and outside the country.

ZH: 他的音乐受到了内外听众的喜爱。
EN: His music is loved by audiences both inside and outside the country.

ZH: 警方正在调查内外提供的线索。
EN: The police are investigating leads provided from both inside and outside the country.

ZH: 这间餐厅的菜肴受到内外食客的好评。
EN: The dishes at this restaurant are highly praised by diners both inside and outside the country.

ZH: 这次比赛吸引了内外顶尖选手。
EN: This competition attracted top players from both inside and outside the country.

ZH: 内外的文化交流丰富了人们的视野。
EN: Cultural exchanges both inside and outside have enriched people's perspectives.
