ZH: 近年来，我国面临着严峻的内忧外患。
EN: In recent years, our country has faced severe internal and external challenges.

ZH: 这次疫情造成了国内外的内忧外患。
EN: This epidemic has caused internal and external challenges domestically and internationally.

ZH: 政府必须采取措施来化解内忧外患。
EN: The government must take measures to resolve internal and external challenges.

ZH: 这家公司正陷入内忧外患之中。
EN: This company is currently facing internal and external challenges.

ZH: 内忧外患的解决需要全社会的共同努力。
EN: Resolving internal and external challenges requires the joint efforts of the whole society.

ZH: 这个国家的领导人要面对内忧外患的挑战。
EN: The leaders of this country must face the challenge of internal and external challenges.

ZH: 我们不能被内忧外患所击倒，必须坚强地面对。
EN: We must not be defeated by internal and external challenges, we must face them with strength.

ZH: 内忧外患的出现使得局势变得更加复杂。
EN: The emergence of internal and external challenges has made the situation more complex.

ZH: 这场战争为国家带来了内忧外患。
EN: This war has brought internal and external challenges to the country.

ZH: 这个团队正处于内忧外患的困境中。
EN: This team is currently in a predicament of internal and external challenges.

ZH: 内忧外患令政府左右为难。
EN: Internal and external challenges have placed the government in a difficult position.

ZH: 战争爆发后，该国内外陷入内忧外患之中。
EN: After the outbreak of war, the country was plagued by internal and external challenges.

ZH: 内忧外患对一个国家的发展会造成严重影响。
EN: Internal and external challenges can have a serious impact on the development of a country.

ZH: 内忧外患需要全社会共同合作来解决。
EN: Resolving internal and external challenges requires the cooperation of the entire society.

ZH: 政府正竭尽全力化解内忧外患。
EN: The government is doing its utmost to address internal and external challenges.

ZH: 现在是我们共同努力克服内忧外患的时候了。
EN: Now is the time for us to work together to overcome internal and external challenges.

ZH: 面对内忧外患，我们不能退缩。
EN: In the face of internal and external challenges, we must not retreat.

ZH: 内忧外患是社会发展中的一种必然现象。
EN: Internal and external challenges are an inevitable phenomenon in the development of society.

ZH: 政府必须制定有效的政策来化解内忧外患。
EN: The government must formulate effective policies to address internal and external challenges.

ZH: 面对内忧外患，团结就是力量。
EN: In the face of internal and external challenges, unity is strength.
