ZH: 我很冒昧地问一下，你现在有时间聊天吗？
EN: I hope it's not too presumptuous of me to ask, but do you have time to chat now?

ZH: 冒昧问一下，你在这个城市有什么推荐的景点吗？
EN: Excuse me for being forward, but do you have any recommendations for places to visit in this city?

ZH: 输了朋友的电话号码，我冒昧地问了她的微信号。
EN: I lost my friend's phone number, so I took the liberty of asking for her WeChat ID.

ZH: 对不起，我冒昧打扰了你的工作。
EN: I apologize for being intrusive and interrupting your work.

ZH: 冒昧地问一下，你对这个项目有什么建议？
EN: If I may be so bold, do you have any suggestions for this project?

ZH: 我冒昧地请教你一个问题，你觉得应该怎么处理这个困难的情况？
EN: If you don't mind, I'd like to lean on you for advice on how to handle this difficult situation.

ZH: 冒昧地提了一些建议，希望你能接受并考虑。
EN: I offered some suggestions with all due respect, and I hope you can accept and consider them.

ZH: 冒昧地问一下，你对我朋友的印象如何？
EN: Please forgive my impertinence, but what is your impression of my friend?

ZH: 我冒昧地介绍了你的优点，希望能帮到你。
EN: I took the liberty of highlighting your strengths, hoping it will be of help to you.

ZH: 非常冒昧地请教，你对这个问题有什么见解？
EN: If I may be so bold, what are your insights on this matter?

ZH: 冒昧地要求，请问能否借我一支笔？
EN: Please excuse my presumption, but may I borrow a pen, please?

ZH: 冒昧问一下，你在周末有空吗？
EN: If it's not too forward to ask, do you have any free time during the weekend?

ZH: 我冒昧地打断了他的谈话，希望能得到他的意见。
EN: I interrupted his conversation, with all due respect, to seek his opinion.

ZH: 对不起，我冒昧地加了你的微信。
EN: I apologize for the audacity of adding you on WeChat without permission.

ZH: 冒昧请教一下，你的工作是如何分配的？
EN: If you don't mind my inquisitiveness, could you tell me how your work is allocated?

ZH: 冒昧问一下，你是怎样学习中文的？
EN: Excuse my forwardness, but how did you learn Chinese?

ZH: 冒昧提一下，你的文章写得真好。
EN: If I may be so bold, your article is exceptionally well-written.

ZH: 对不起，我冒昧打扰了你的休息时间。
EN: I apologize for intruding on your rest time.

ZH: 冒昧问一下，你的周末计划是什么？
EN: If I may be so bold as to ask, what are your plans for the weekend?

ZH: 不好意思，我冒昧地插了一句话，希望不妨碍你们的讨论。
EN: Sorry for interrupting and speaking out of turn, hoping it doesn't disrupt your discussion.
