ZH: 农民工是农村劳动力的重要组成部分。
EN: Migrant workers are an important part of the rural labor force.

ZH: 农民工们通常在城市找到了更好的工作机会。
EN: Migrant workers often find better job opportunities in cities.

ZH: 农民工们辛苦工作，但收入并不高。
EN: Migrant workers work hard, but their income is not high.

ZH: 农民工们为城市的建设做出了重要贡献。
EN: Migrant workers have made important contributions to the construction of cities.

ZH: 农民工们经常面临工作安全和权益保障问题。
EN: Migrant workers often face issues of work safety and rights protection.

ZH: 农民工是城市化发展的重要参与者。
EN: Migrant workers are important participants in urbanization.

ZH: 农民工们在农忙时节会返回农村工作。
EN: Migrant workers return to the countryside to work during busy farming seasons.

ZH: 农民工们有时会在工地上长时间住宿。
EN: Migrant workers sometimes stay on construction sites for long periods of time.

ZH: 农民工们一般来说没有享受到城市居民的社会保障。
EN: Migrant workers generally do not have access to the social security enjoyed by urban residents.

ZH: 农民工们常常与家人分离，只能在节假日回家。
EN: Migrant workers are often separated from their families and can only go home during holidays.

ZH: 农民工们的劳动权益保护需要得到更多关注。
EN: The labor rights and interests of migrant workers need more attention.

ZH: 农民工们实行一年工作一年休的工作制度。
EN: Migrant workers have a system of working for a year and then having a year off.

ZH: 农民工们在外地工作时需要适应不同的生活环境。
EN: Migrant workers need to adapt to different living environments when working in other places.

ZH: 农民工们是中国工业化进程中的重要推动力。
EN: Migrant workers are an important driving force in China's industrialization process.

ZH: 农民工的工资水平逐渐有所提高。
EN: The wages of migrant workers have gradually increased.

ZH: 农民工们在城市生活面临诸多困难和压力。
EN: Migrant workers face many difficulties and pressures in urban life.

ZH: 农民工们在工地上具有很高的工作热情和责任感。
EN: Migrant workers have a high enthusiasm and sense of responsibility when working on construction sites.

ZH: 农民工在城市工作的机会逐渐增多。
EN: The opportunities for migrant workers to work in cities are increasing.

ZH: 农民工的待遇和工作环境有待改善。
EN: The treatment and working environment of migrant workers need to be improved.

ZH: 农民工在城市找到了更多机会实现自己的梦想。
EN: Migrant workers find more opportunities to realize their dreams in cities.
