ZH1: 这个罪犯因为表现良好，获得了三年的减刑。
EN1: The convict was granted a reduction of three years in sentence due to good behavior.

ZH2: 他希望在十年后能得到一次减刑机会。
EN2: He hopes to get a chance for parole in ten years.

ZH3: 减刑是一种可以改变罪犯命运的方法。
EN3: Commutation is a method that can change the fate of the offenders.

ZH4: 刑满释放和减刑是两种不同的概念。
EN4: Completion of sentence and commutation are two different concepts.

ZH5: 他努力改过自新，为了能够获得减刑。
EN5: He is working hard to reform himself in order to receive a reduction in sentence.

ZH6: 这个案件的罪犯没有资格申请减刑。
EN6: The offender in this case is not eligible to apply for commutation.

ZH7: 经过减刑，他的原本十年的刑期被缩短到了八年。
EN7: After commutation, his original ten-year sentence was reduced to eight years.

ZH8: 减刑可以减少对罪犯家庭的负担。
EN8: Commutation can reduce the burden on the offender's family.

ZH9: 这个案件的罪犯最终获得了五年的减刑。
EN9: The offender in this case ultimately obtained a reduction of five years in sentence.

ZH10: 减刑的决定需要考虑罪犯的行为表现以及改过自新的程度。
EN10: The decision of commutation needs to take into account the offender's behavior and the extent of their rehabilitation.

ZH11: 这个罪犯因为积极参加教育项目而获得了一次减刑。
EN11: The convict was granted a commutation for actively participating in educational programs.

ZH12: 考虑到他的健康问题，法庭决定给予他一次减刑。
EN12: Considering his health issues, the court decided to grant him a reduction in sentence.

ZH13: 这个罪犯从未获得过减刑，必须服满完整的刑期。
EN13: The offender has never received commutation and must serve the full sentence.

ZH14: 减刑是一种对罪犯进行改造和帮助的方式。
EN14: Commutation is a way to rehabilitate and assist offenders.

ZH15: 这个罪犯的家属向法庭提交了减刑申请。
EN15: The offender's family submitted a commutation application to the court.

ZH16: 这个罪犯已经有过一次减刑机会了，不太可能再次获得减刑。
EN16: The offender has already had one opportunity for commutation, so it is unlikely they will receive it again.

ZH17: 这个案件的罪犯在服刑期间表现良好，因此获得了一次减刑机会。
EN17: The offender in this case behaved well during their imprisonment and hence received a chance for commutation.

ZH18: 他在狱中参加了各种职业培训课程，希望能够获得减刑。
EN18: He participated in various vocational training programs in prison, hoping to obtain commutation.

ZH19: 罪犯的减刑申请需要通过专门的委员会审核。
EN19: The offender's commutation application needs to be reviewed by a specialized committee.

ZH20: 这个罪犯表现出了改过自新的迹象，值得考虑减刑。
EN20: The offender has shown signs of rehabilitation, which is worth considering for commutation.
