ZH: 蛋糕刚出炉时，香气扑鼻。
EN: The aroma of the cake was in the air as soon as it came out of the oven.

ZH: 油条刚出炉的时候，外酥里嫩，特别好吃。
EN: The freshly fried dough sticks are crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, making them particularly delicious.

ZH: 面包出炉的时候，外面金黄松软，内里软绵。
EN: When the bread comes out of the oven, the outside is golden and fluffy, while the inside is soft and tender.

ZH: 来一块刚出炉的热馒头，真是让人垂涎欲滴。
EN: A hot steamed bun that has just come out of the oven is truly mouthwatering.

ZH: 这批新产品刚出炉，销售情况非常喜人。
EN: The sales of this new batch of products have been very encouraging since they were launched.

ZH: 我买了一套出炉的新刊物。
EN: I bought a set of freshly published new magazines.

ZH: 手工饺子出炉后味道更好。
EN: The taste of handmade dumplings is even better when they are freshly cooked.

ZH: 现场直播的节目刚出炉，观众反响很热烈。
EN: The live broadcast program has just aired and has received a very enthusiastic response from the audience.

ZH: 这些蔬菜刚出炉，新鲜得让人垂涎欲滴。
EN: These vegetables have just been harvested and are so fresh that they are mouthwatering.

ZH: 新闻稿刚被发出，引起了很大的关注。
EN: The press release has just been issued and has attracted a lot of attention.

ZH: 这部电影刚在影院放映，票房口碑都很不错。
EN: The film has just been released in cinemas and has received positive reviews and box office results.

ZH: 这首新歌一出炉就登上了榜单。
EN: This new song made it to the charts as soon as it was released.

ZH: 他的比赛录像刚一出炉就在网上疯传。
EN: His competition video went viral online as soon as it was released.

ZH: 这个设计刚出炉就被评为最佳。
EN: This design was awarded the best as soon as it was released.

ZH: 这本小说刚出炉就有很多读者追捧。
EN: This novel had many readers clamoring for it as soon as it was released.

ZH: 这个解决方案刚出炉就解决了我们的问题。
EN: This solution solved our problem as soon as it was released.

ZH: 这个研究成果刚出炉就获得了国际认可。
EN: This research result gained international recognition as soon as it was released.

ZH: 餐厅里刚出炉的面点香气扑鼻。
EN: The aroma of freshly baked pastries fills the restaurant.

ZH: 正在酿酒的葡萄酒刚从酒窖出炉。
EN: The wine that is being brewed has just come out of the cellar.

ZH: 这家面包店每天都会有新面包出炉。
EN: This bakery has fresh bread coming out of the oven every day.
