ZH: 今天的讲座到此为止，希望大家能够有所收获。
EN: The lecture ends here today, I hope everyone has gained something from it.

ZH: 这次旅行到此为止，我们应该开始收拾行李了。
EN: This trip ends here, we should start packing our bags.

ZH: 目前的调查结果到此为止，我们需要更多的数据才能得出结论。
EN: The current investigation ends here, we need more data to draw conclusions.

ZH: 你的责任到此为止，接下来的事情我会处理。
EN: Your responsibility ends here, I will take care of the rest.

ZH: 这个项目的进展到此为止，我们需要等待其他部门的反馈。
EN: The progress of this project ends here, we need to wait for feedback from other departments.

ZH: 今天的会议到此为止，下次再见。
EN: The meeting ends here today, see you next time.

ZH: 生活的快乐不应该到此为止，我们应该不断追寻更多的幸福。
EN: The happiness of life should not end here, we should constantly pursue more happiness.

ZH: 你的功课做得很好，但是到此为止，你还需要更多的实践。
EN: You did well on your homework, but it ends here, you still need more practice.

ZH: 这场争论到此为止，我们没有必要再继续争执下去。
EN: The argument ends here, we don't need to continue quarreling.

ZH: 生命的尽头到此为止，我们要好好珍惜每一天。
EN: Life ends here, we must cherish every day.

ZH: 这本小说的结局到此为止，留下了悬念，让读者很好奇。
EN: The ending of this novel ends here, leaving a cliffhanger that makes readers curious.

ZH: 我的耐心到此为止，现在你必须解决这个问题。
EN: My patience ends here, now you must solve this problem.

ZH: 这个计划的实施到此为止，我们将开始跟进后续计划。
EN: The implementation of this plan ends here, we will start following up with the next plan.

ZH: 你的工作表现到此为止很出色，希望你能继续保持。
EN: Your job performance has been excellent so far, I hope you can continue to maintain it.

ZH: 这个展览的参观时间到此为止，大家请有秩序地离开。
EN: The visiting time for this exhibition ends here, everyone please leave in an orderly manner.

ZH: 这次游戏的胜负到此为止，我们可以开始下一轮了。
EN: The outcome of this game ends here, we can start the next round.

ZH: 游览的路径到此为止，我们要返回原来的路线了。
EN: The path of the tour ends here, we need to return to the original route.

ZH: 这个问题的讨论到此为止，我们需要进一步研究来找到答案。
EN: The discussion of this issue ends here, we need further research to find the answer.

ZH: 今天的节目到此为止，谢谢大家的收看。
EN: The program ends here today, thank you all for watching.

ZH: 这场演出到此为止，让我们为演员们热烈鼓掌。
EN: The performance ends here, let's give a warm applause to the actors.
