ZH: 他因为一时的冲动，前功尽弃。
EN: Because of his momentary impulse, he threw away all the previous achievements.

ZH: 这次考试没好好复习，他前功尽弃了。
EN: He didn't review well for this exam, so he threw away all his previous efforts.

ZH: 他本来打算认真减肥的，结果几天没坚持就前功尽弃了。
EN: He originally planned to lose weight seriously, but he gave up all his previous efforts after just a few days.

ZH: 她之前努力学习英语，可是最近又懒惰了，前功尽弃了。
EN: She worked hard on studying English before, but she became lazy again recently, giving up all her previous efforts.

ZH: 要好好利用时间，不要前功尽弃。
EN: We should make good use of time and not throw away all previous efforts.

ZH: 他不该放弃，之前的付出都会荒废了，前功尽弃。
EN: He shouldn't give up, all previous efforts will be wasted, throwing away all achievements.

ZH: 考前紧张导致了他前功尽弃。
EN: Nervousness before the exam caused him to throw away all previous achievements.

ZH: 在关键时刻因为粗心大意，前功尽弃了。
EN: Carelessness at a crucial moment caused him to throw away all previous efforts.

ZH: 只因一时懈怠，他前功尽弃。
EN: Just because of a moment of slackness, he threw away all his previous achievements.

ZH: 他一直都表现得很优秀，不要因为一点小事就前功尽弃。
EN: He has always performed very well, don't give up all achievements just because of a small matter.

ZH: 这么多年来的努力，绝对不能前功尽弃。
EN: The efforts made over the years must not be thrown away.

ZH: 因为一时冲动导致了他前功尽弃。
EN: Impulsiveness led him to throw away all previous achievements.

ZH: 虽然感到疲惫，也不能前功尽弃。
EN: Although feeling tired, one should not throw away all previous efforts.

ZH: 只要坚持下去就能取得成功，不要前功尽弃。
EN: As long as you persist, you will succeed, so don't throw away all previous efforts.

ZH: 他的自暴自弃导致了前功尽弃。
EN: His self-abandonment led to throwing away all previous achievements.

ZH: 下定决心要成功，绝不前功尽弃。
EN: Determined to succeed, never give up all previous efforts.

ZH: 他的松懈态度让之前的努力前功尽弃。
EN: His lax attitude caused all previous efforts to be wasted.

ZH: 不要因为失败就前功尽弃，继续前行。
EN: Don't throw away all previous achievements just because of failure, keep moving forward.

ZH: 他被困难打败时，选择前功尽弃。
EN: When he was defeated by difficulties, he chose to throw away all previous achievements.

ZH: 在人生的道路上，不能前功尽弃，要坚持不懈。
EN: On the road of life, one must not throw away all previous achievements and persevere.
