ZH: 春节前夕，家家户户张灯结彩，喜气洋洋。
EN: On the eve of Chinese New Year, every household is decorated with colorful lights, filled with joy and happiness.

ZH: 在婚礼前夕，新娘忙着试婚纱。
EN: On the eve of the wedding, the bride is busy trying on her wedding gown.

ZH: 游行前夕，志愿者们在街头进行最后的准备工作。
EN: On the eve of the parade, volunteers are making final preparations on the streets.

ZH: 竞选总统前夕，候选人们会进行最后的造势活动。
EN: On the eve of the presidential election, candidates will hold final campaign events.

ZH: 初夏的前夕，人们纷纷准备好泳衣和太阳伞，迎接阳光明媚的日子。
EN: On the eve of early summer, people prepare their swimsuits and sun umbrellas to welcome the sunny days.

ZH: 前夕晚餐是家人团聚的时刻，大家一起分享美食和快乐。
EN: The eve dinner is a moment for family gatherings, where everyone shares food and happiness.

ZH: 电影上映前夕，电影院里的票往往会很难买到。
EN: On the eve of a movie premiere, it is often difficult to buy tickets at the cinema.

ZH: 在考试前夕，学生们需要努力复习，以备战。
EN: On the eve of an exam, students need to work hard and review in preparation.

ZH: 政府在选举前夕举行了一场重要的记者会。
EN: The government held an important press conference on the eve of the election.

ZH: 商店在圣诞节前夕打折出售很多商品。
EN: Stores have many items on sale on the eve of Christmas.

ZH: 在元旦前夕，人们会送上新年祝福。
EN: On the eve of New Year's Day, people send their best wishes.

ZH: 婚礼前夕，所有嘉宾都收到了精美的请帖。
EN: On the eve of the wedding, all the guests received beautiful invitations.

ZH: 毕业典礼前夕，学生们忙着准备毕业礼服。
EN: On the eve of the graduation ceremony, students are busy preparing their graduation gowns.

ZH: 网购节前夕，电商平台上涌现出各种各样的促销活动。
EN: On the eve of the online shopping festival, various promotional activities emerge on e-commerce platforms.

ZH: 前夕的晚会上，艺人们将带来精彩的表演。
EN: At the eve party, performers will bring wonderful performances.

ZH: 考试前夕，学生们都很紧张，准备一夜不睡地复习。
EN: On the eve of an exam, students are very nervous and prepare to review all night without sleep.

ZH: 前夕喝一杯热牛奶可以帮助睡眠。
EN: Drinking a glass of warm milk on the eve can help sleep.

ZH: 万圣节前夕，孩子们会提前准备好漂亮的服装，去敲门要糖果。
EN: On the eve of Halloween, children prepare their beautiful costumes in advance and go trick-or-treating.

ZH: 领导人在峰会前夕会举行一场会议，讨论重要议题。
EN: Leaders hold a meeting on the eve of the summit to discuss important issues.

ZH: 过年前夕，人们会贴春联，以求祝福。
EN: On the eve of the Chinese New Year, people paste couplets to seek blessings.
