ZH: 我昨天買了很多東西，現在只剩下一點錢了。
EN: I bought a lot of things yesterday and now I only have a little money left.

ZH: 這份報告已經完成了九成，只剩下一小部分需要修改。
EN: This report is 90% complete, only a small part left to revise.

ZH: 他今天剛好有空，因為他的日程表剩下一個空檔。
EN: He happens to be free today because he only has one gap left in his schedule.

ZH: 明天就是考試了，你還有什麼剩下的問題嗎？
EN: The exam is tomorrow, do you have any remaining questions?

ZH: 我幫你把這些東西都做掉，你只需要處理剩下的事情就好了。
EN: I'll take care of all these things for you, you just have to deal with the remaining tasks.

ZH: 這裡還有一些團隊沒有完成的工作，必須要把它們剩下的全部做完。
EN: There are still some tasks left unfinished by the team here, all of them must be completed.

ZH: 這裡剩下最後一個座位了，快點坐下吧。
EN: This is the last seat left, hurry and take a seat.

ZH: 我在電視上看到這家餐廳的菜特別好吃，我們可以去試試看，反正時間還剩下不多。
EN: I saw on TV that the food at this restaurant is especially delicious, we can go try it, there's not much time left anyway.

ZH: 明天就要離開這個城市了，我想再去趟市中心逛逛，把這裡剩下的美好回憶都收入囊中。
EN: I will leave this city tomorrow, I want to go downtown again to cherish the remaining beautiful memories here.

ZH: 現在我們已經解決了所有問題，只剩下這件困難的工作了。
EN: We have solved all the problems now, only this difficult task is left.

ZH: 請在離開前把教室裡的垃圾全部清理乾淨，不能有任何東西剩下。
EN: Please clean up all the trash in the classroom before leaving, nothing should be left behind.

ZH: 他工作效率很高，做完這件事情之後還有時間把其他剩下的任務也處理了。
EN: He is very efficient at work, after finishing this task he still has time to handle the remaining tasks.

ZH: 放心吧，我包了所有的事情，剩下的就交給我處理吧。
EN: Don't worry, I've taken care of everything, just leave the rest to me.

ZH: 昨天的生日派對很成功，只剩下清理工作需要做。
EN: Yesterday's birthday party was a great success, only the cleaning tasks are left to be done.

ZH: 這個計畫已經達成了大部分目標，只剩下最後一步才能完成。
EN: This plan has achieved most of its goals, only the last step remains to be completed.

ZH: 我們應該要把這個機會留給年輕人，我們的時代已經過去了，應該謙虛地接受這個事實剩下生活。
EN: We should leave this opportunity to the young people, our time has passed, we should humbly accept the fact that our life is remaining.

ZH: 這扇門打開了，只剩下我們進去了。
EN: The door is open, only we are left to go in.

ZH: 請把這些東西放進倉庫，別讓任何一樣東西剩下。
EN: Please put these things in the warehouse, don't let anything left behind.

ZH: 天氣已經變冷了，剩下的秋天只有幾個星期了。
EN: The weather has turned cold, there are only a few weeks left in the autumn.

ZH: 由於他的不當行為，他只剩下這個選擇了。
EN: Due to his inappropriate behavior, he is left with this option.
