ZH: 我们需要买一些水果，加上蔬菜。
EN: We need to buy some fruits, plus vegetables.

ZH: 昨天晚上很冷，加上刮风，我冻得不行。
EN: It was very cold last night, plus it was windy, I was freezing.

ZH: 他很幽默，再加上他很聪明，所以大家都喜欢他。
EN: He is very funny, plus he is very smart, so everyone likes him.

ZH: 今天早上我加上吃了一个面包，还喝了一杯咖啡。
EN: This morning, in addition to eating a bread, I also had a cup of coffee.

ZH: 那个国家的人口本来就很多，再加上经济发展很快，所以城市拥挤。
EN: The population of that country is already high, plus its fast economic development, so the cities are crowded.

ZH: 刚开始玩这款游戏挺容易的，但是到后面的关卡加上特别难。
EN: It was quite easy to play this game at the beginning, but the later levels are especially difficult.

ZH: 我们原本打算出去玩，可是加上下雨了，我们只能待在家里。
EN: We had planned to go out and play, but then it started raining, so we had to stay at home.

ZH: 这台机器的价格比其他的贵，加上功能更好，所以很多人都购买了。
EN: The price of this machine is more expensive than others, plus it has better features, so many people bought it.

ZH: 我们公司正处在改革期，加上市场情况不好，所以很多人失业了。
EN: Our company is going through a reform, plus the market is not good, so many people lost their jobs.

ZH: 那个城市的交通本来就拥挤，加上修路，堵车更严重了。
EN: The traffic in that city is already congested, plus with road repairs, the traffic jam is even worse.

ZH: 这份工作的待遇不错，加上工作环境优良，我决定接受了。
EN: The pay for this job is good, plus the working environment is excellent, so I decided to accept it.

ZH: 我手机的电池坏了，加上没带充电器，所以我联系不了任何人。
EN: The battery of my phone is broken, plus I didn't bring a charger, so I can't contact anyone.

ZH: 这个国家的气候本来就炎热，加上夏天又多虫子，所以很多人不喜欢去那里。
EN: The climate in this country is already hot, plus in the summer there are many bugs, so many people don't like to go there.

ZH: 昨晚他喝了很多酒，加上熬夜，所以今天早上他头痛得厉害。
EN: He drank a lot of alcohol last night, plus he stayed up late, so he has a severe headache this morning.

ZH: 这个新版软件加上更多的功能，使用起来更方便了。
EN: This new version of the software, with added features, is easier to use.

ZH: 老师的讲解很详细，再加上他提供了很多例子，我们很容易理解。
EN: The teacher's explanation was very detailed, plus he provided many examples, so we understood it easily.

ZH: 这个项目本来就很复杂，再加上时间紧迫，所以我们需要更多人手。
EN: This project is already complicated, plus time is running out, so we need more manpower.

ZH: 我们今天要做饭，加上太忙，所以不想出去吃。
EN: We are going to cook today, plus we are too busy, so we don't want to eat out.

ZH: 这种手机的内存更大，加上电池的使用时间更长。
EN: This type of phone has a larger memory, plus the battery has a longer usage time.

ZH: 这件衣服的款式很好看，加上颜色很亮，我很喜欢。
EN: This clothing has a stylish design, plus the color is very vibrant, I really like it.
