ZH: 我不得不加速前进，否则就会错过火车了。
EN: I have to speed up or I'll miss the train.

ZH: 这辆汽车加速到了惊人的速度。
EN: The car accelerated to an incredible speed.

ZH: 他们正竭尽全力加速疫苗的研发。
EN: They are making every effort to speed up the development of the vaccine.

ZH: 我们需要加速这项计划的实施。
EN: We need to accelerate the implementation of this plan.

ZH: 他们希望通过加速项目的进展来赢得客户的信任。
EN: They hope to win the trust of customers by accelerating the progress of the project.

ZH: 由于时间紧迫，我们必须加速行动。
EN: We must speed up our actions due to the urgency of time.

ZH: 为了争取更多利益，公司必须加速创新。
EN: In order to gain more benefits, the company must accelerate innovation.

ZH: 政府已经采取措施，加速减少碳排放。
EN: The government has taken measures to accelerate the reduction of carbon emissions.

ZH: 为了追赶竞争对手，我们必须加速发展新产品。
EN: In order to catch up with the competitors, we must accelerate the development of new products.

ZH: 加速学习外语的最佳方法是每天坚持。
EN: The best way to accelerate learning a foreign language is to practice every day.

ZH: 他们希望通过增加资金投入来加速工程的进展。
EN: They hope to accelerate the progress of the project by increasing investment.

ZH: 加速科研成果在生产中的应用是一项重要任务。
EN: Accelerating the application of scientific research results in production is an important task.

ZH: 为了尽快实现目标，我们需要加速决策。
EN: In order to achieve the goal as soon as possible, we need to speed up decision-making.

ZH: 他们正在不断尝试新的方法来加速问题的解决。
EN: They are constantly trying new methods to accelerate the resolution of the problem.

ZH: 该公司计划通过加速全球市场的拓展来提升业绩。
EN: The company plans to improve performance by accelerating the expansion of the global market.

ZH: 受到市场需求的推动，公司不得不加速新产品的研发。
EN: Driven by market demand, the company has to accelerate the research and development of new products.

ZH: 加速数字化转型是当前企业发展的大趋势。
EN: Accelerating digital transformation is a major trend in the development of enterprises.

ZH: 面对激烈的竞争，我们必须加速改善产品质量。
EN: Faced with intense competition, we must accelerate the improvement of product quality.

ZH: 他们希望通过加速生产过程来提高效率。
EN: They hope to improve efficiency by accelerating the production process.

ZH: 随着科技的发展，加速信息交流已经成为现代社会的重要特征之一。
EN: With the development of technology, accelerating information exchange has become one of the important features of modern society.
