ZH: 这两个组织在意识形态上势不两立。
EN: These two organizations are diametrically opposed in terms of ideology.

ZH: 这两个国家之间的纠纷导致了势不两立的局面。
EN: The dispute between these two countries has led to an irreconcilable situation.

ZH: 这两个团体之间存在着势不两立的对立关系。
EN: There is a longstanding hostile relationship between these two groups.

ZH: 他们的观点和立场完全势不两立。
EN: Their views and positions are completely irreconcilable.

ZH: 在这个问题上，他们之间的分歧势不两立。
EN: There is an irreconcilable difference between them on this issue.

ZH: 这两位领导人之间存在着势不两立的矛盾。
EN: There is a conflict of interest between these two leaders that cannot be reconciled.

ZH: 这两个部门之间发生了严重的势不两立的争执。
EN: There is a serious irreconcilable dispute between these two departments.

ZH: 这两个派系之间的矛盾势不两立，难以调和。
EN: The conflict between these two factions is irreconcilable and difficult to resolve.

ZH: 由于立场不同，双方势不两立，无法妥协。
EN: Due to their different positions, both sides are irreconcilable and cannot compromise.

ZH: 这两个团体间的冲突已经升级到势不两立的地步。
EN: The conflict between these two groups has escalated to an irreconcilable level.

ZH: 在处理这个问题上，他们的意见势不两立。
EN: Their opinions are irreconcilable on how to handle this issue.

ZH: 由于观点不同，他们之间产生了势不两立的矛盾。
EN: Their differences in views have resulted in an irreconcilable conflict between them.

ZH: 这两个政党之间的对立已经演变为势不两立。
EN: The opposition between these two political parties has evolved into irreconcilability.

ZH: 这两个国家之间的摩擦已经发展到了势不两立的地步。
EN: The friction between these two countries has developed into an irreconcilable state.

ZH: 这两个议题之间存在势不两立的矛盾。
EN: There is an irreconcilable contradiction between these two issues.

ZH: 由于利益冲突，这两个部门之间出现了势不两立的情况。
EN: Due to conflicting interests, there is an irreconcilable situation between these two departments.

ZH: 这两个派别之间存在不可调和的势不两立。
EN: There is an irreconcilable conflict between these two factions that cannot be resolved.

ZH: 他们在这个问题上的立场迥然相异，势不两立。
EN: Their positions on this issue are diametrically opposed and irreconcilable.

ZH: 由于经济利益的争夺，这两个公司之间的竞争势不两立。
EN: Due to competition for economic interests, the competition between these two companies is irreconcilable.

ZH: 这两个国家之间存在着势不两立的对立关系。
EN: There is an irreconcilable opposition between these two countries.
