ZH: 这场台风来袭，村庄的安全危在旦夕。
EN: The village's safety is hanging by a thread with the oncoming typhoon.

ZH: 火势蔓延得如此迅猛，整座城市的生命都危在旦夕。
EN: The rapid spread of the fire has put the lives of the entire city in jeopardy.

ZH: 这个国家面临经济危机，国民的生计危在旦夕。
EN: The country is facing an economic crisis, with the livelihood of its citizens in imminent danger.

ZH: 他的健康状况恶化得很快，生命危在旦夕。
EN: His health deteriorated rapidly, with his life hanging by a thread.

ZH: 雪崩的声音越来越近，我们的生命危在旦夕。
EN: The sound of the avalanche is getting closer, our lives are in imminent peril.

ZH: 大楼失火，数百人的生命危在旦夕。
EN: With the building on fire, the lives of hundreds of people are hanging by a thread.

ZH: 战争爆发，整个国家危在旦夕。
EN: With the outbreak of war, the entire country is in imminent danger.

ZH: 考试就要来临了，我感到压力很大，心情危在旦夕。
EN: With exams approaching, I feel a great deal of pressure and my state of mind is hanging by a thread.

ZH: 直升飞机突然失控，乘客们的生命危在旦夕。
EN: The helicopter suddenly went out of control, putting the passengers' lives in imminent danger.

ZH: 她的心脏病突然发作，生命危在旦夕。
EN: Her heart condition suddenly worsened, with her life hanging by a thread.

ZH: 水灾已经来临，人们的生活危在旦旦续。
EN: The flood has arrived, putting people's lives in imminent peril.

ZH: 全球暖化日益严重，地球的生态危在旦夕。
EN: Global warming is becoming increasingly severe, with the Earth's ecosystem in imminent danger.

ZH: 老人跌倒在地，情况危在旦夕。
EN: The old man fell to the ground, his condition hanging by a thread.

ZH: 水库大坝快要决堤了，附近居民的安全危在旦夕。
EN: The dam of the reservoir is about to burst, putting the safety of nearby residents in imminent danger.

ZH: 航班遭遇恐怖袭击，所有乘客的生命危在旦夕。
EN: The flight was targeted in a terrorist attack, with all passengers' lives hanging by a thread.

ZH: 孩子摔倒在楼梯上，生命危在旦夕。
EN: The child fell down the stairs, with their life in imminent peril.

ZH: 台风袭来，海边小镇的生存危在旦夕。
EN: With the typhoon approaching, the survival of the coastal town is in imminent danger.

ZH: 火灾蔓延至整个森林，许多动物的生命危在旦夕。
EN: The fire spread to the entire forest, putting the lives of many animals in imminent peril.

ZH: 城市陷入了黑暗，居民们的安全危在旦夕。
EN: The city plunged into darkness, with the safety of residents hanging by a thread.
