ZH: 我原本要去旅行，但是天气突然变坏，我不得不却步。
EN: I was planning to travel, but the weather suddenly turned bad, so I had to back down.

ZH: 他想参加马拉松比赛，但是他发现自己还没有准备好，只能却步。
EN: He wanted to participate in the marathon race, but he realized he was not ready yet, so he had to withdraw.

ZH: 她想抓住那个机会，但是她太害怕了，只能却步。
EN: She wanted to seize that opportunity, but she was too afraid, so she had to step back.

ZH: 我们原本计划去看一个电影，但是电影票卖完了，我们只能却步了。
EN: We planned to watch a movie, but the tickets were sold out, so we had to give up.

ZH: 他原本想买一件新衣服，但是看到价格之后，只得却步。
EN: He wanted to buy a new outfit, but when he saw the price, he had to back off.

ZH: 她原本想去打篮球，但是她受了伤，只能却步。
EN: She wanted to play basketball, but she got injured, so she had to back down.

ZH: 我们曾经试图解决这个问题，但是发现任务太艰巨，只得却步。
EN: We once tried to solve this problem, but we found the task too difficult, so we had to give up.

ZH: 她想学习一门新的语言，但是发现时间不够，只好却步。
EN: She wanted to learn a new language, but realized she didn't have enough time, so she had to give in.

ZH: 他原本打算完成这个项目，但是遇到了太多困难，只能却步。
EN: He intended to finish this project, but encountered too many difficulties, so he had to step back.

ZH: 我原本想买这件衣服，但是试穿之后发现不适合自己，只好却步。
EN: I wanted to buy this outfit, but after trying it on, I found it didn't suit me, so I had to give up.

ZH: 他原本计划写一本小说，但是缺乏灵感，只能却步。
EN: He planned to write a novel, but lacking inspiration, he had to back down.

ZH: 她原本想提出自己的看法，但是觉得自己不够资格，只能却步。
EN: She wanted to express her opinion, but felt she wasn't qualified enough, so she had to step back.

ZH: 这个球队原本决心要赢得比赛，但是对手太强，只得却步。
EN: The team was determined to win the game, but the opponents were too strong, so they had to give in.

ZH: 我们想邀请她来参加聚会，但是她太忙了，只能却步。
EN: We wanted to invite her to the gathering, but she was too busy, so we had to back off.

ZH: 他原本打算继续攀登山顶，但是天气突然变糟，只能却步。
EN: He intended to continue climbing to the summit, but the weather suddenly turned worse, so he had to withdraw.

ZH: 我们原本要去郊游，但是发现时间不够了，只好却步。
EN: We were planning to go on an outing, but realized we didn't have enough time, so we had to give up.

ZH: 他原本有信心应对这个挑战，但是发现自己力不从心，只能却步。
EN: He initially had confidence to face this challenge, but found himself unable to cope, so he had to step back.

ZH: 她原本说要帮助我们完成这个项目，但是最后还是却步了。
EN: She initially said she would help us complete this project, but in the end, she still backed down.

ZH: 虽然遭遇很多阻碍，但是我们决不会却步，一定会继续努力。
EN: Despite encountering many obstacles, we will never back down and will continue to strive.
