ZH: 这个雕塑是根据树木的原型创作的。
EN: This sculpture was created based on the prototype of a tree.
ZH: 他收集了各种动物的模型纸，作为原型进行折纸制作。
EN: He collected various animal origami templates to use as prototypes for folding.
ZH: 让我找一下这个建筑的沙盘模型，我们可以用它来了解原型。
EN: Let me find the sandbox model of this building, we can use it to understand the prototype.
ZH: 这个设计是以人体的原型为灵感创作的。
EN: This design was created with the human body prototype as inspiration.
ZH: 汽车制造商会先做出原型车进行测试。
EN: Car manufacturers will first make a prototype car for testing.
ZH: 他让工程师从他的设计图纸上制作了一个原型。
EN: He had the engineers make a prototype from his design drawings.
ZH: 这种新型飞机是一种燃油效率提高的原型。
EN: This new type of aircraft is a prototype that improves fuel efficiency.
ZH: 在设计过程中，他们制作了多个原型以测试不同的功能。
EN: During the design process, they made multiple prototypes to test different functions.
ZH: 这个原型机正在被用于研究太空航行的新技术。
EN: This prototype is being used to research new technologies for space travel.
ZH: 他的创作灵感来自于古代武器的原型。
EN: His creative inspiration comes from the prototypes of ancient weapons.
ZH: 这台电脑是新一代原型的先驱。
EN: This computer is a precursor to the prototype of the next generation.
ZH: 这个产品的原型经过多次改进才达到市场需要。
EN: The prototype of this product went through several iterations before meeting market needs.
ZH: 这本书是这个系列原型小说的第一部。
EN: This book is the first of a series of prototype novels.
ZH: 他的作品被誉为现代艺术的原型之一。
EN: His works are considered as one of the prototypes of modern art.
ZH: 这份报告是市场调研的原型结果。
EN: This report is the prototype result of market research.
ZH: 这种新型材料是由海洋生物的骨骼原型研发而成的。
EN: This new material is developed based on the prototype of marine organisms' skeletons.
ZH: 这个新建筑的外形设计以当地民族文化为原型。
EN: The exterior design of this new building is based on the prototype of the local ethnic culture.
ZH: 这个原型展示了未来城市的交通解决方案。
EN: This prototype showcases traffic solutions for the city of the future.
ZH: 这项技术是基于人类大脑的原型设计的。
EN: This technology is based on the prototype design of the human brain.
ZH: 我们需要一个原型来测试这个新想法。
EN: We need a prototype to test this new idea.
