ZH: 原先我是一个乡下人，现在已经习惯了城市的生活。
EN: Originally, I was a country person, but now I have gotten used to city life.
ZH: 她原先是一名老师，现在是一家公司的总裁。
EN: She was originally a teacher, but now she is the CEO of a company.
ZH: 原先这块地是一个废弃的工地，现在变成了一个公园。
EN: Originally, this land was an abandoned construction site, but now it has become a park.
ZH: 她原先学的是法律，后来转行做了一名作家。
EN: She originally studied law, but later switched careers and became a writer.
ZH: 原先我不喜欢吃辣的食物，后来慢慢地喜欢上了。
EN: Originally, I didn't like spicy food, but later I gradually developed a taste for it.
ZH: 她原先住在中国的北方，后来搬到了南方的城市。
EN: She originally lived in the northern part of China, but later moved to a city in the south.
ZH: 原先他对音乐不感兴趣，现在却成了一名音乐家。
EN: Originally, he had no interest in music, but now he has become a musician.
ZH: 她原先计划在家工作，但后来决定去上班。
EN: She originally planned to work from home, but later decided to go to the office.
ZH: 原先这件事情我并不知道，直到最近才注意到。
EN: Originally, I had no knowledge of this matter, I only noticed it recently.
ZH: 他原先是一个不爱读书的人，现在却成了一个狂热的读者。
EN: He was originally someone who didn't enjoy reading, but now he has become an avid reader.
ZH: 原先我对这个地方一无所知，现在却爱上了它。
EN: Originally, I knew nothing about this place, but now I have fallen in love with it.
ZH: 她原先对这个项目没有兴趣，但是后来改变了主意。
EN: She originally had no interest in this project, but later changed her mind.
ZH: 原先这个计划是成功的，但是后来出了一些问题。
EN: Originally, this plan was successful, but later some issues arose.
ZH: 他原先答应来参加聚会，但是后来因为身体不舒服而取消了。
EN: He originally promised to come to the party, but later canceled due to feeling unwell.
ZH: 原先我并不了解他，后来发现他是一个非常友善的人。
EN: Originally, I didn't know him, but later discovered that he is a very friendly person.
ZH: 原先他负责管理这个项目，但是后来被调到另一个部门。
EN: Originally, he was in charge of managing this project, but later he was transferred to another department.
ZH: 她原先是一个普通的职员，后来被提升为经理。
EN: She originally was an ordinary employee, but later was promoted to a manager.
ZH: 原先我以为他很严肃，但后来发现他其实很幽默。
EN: Originally, I thought he was serious, but later I discovered that he is actually very humorous.
ZH: 原先这只小猫很胆小，现在却变得很勇敢。
EN: Originally, this little cat was very timid, but now it has become very brave.
ZH: 她原先对这个问题有些困惑，但是后来找到了答案。
EN: She originally had some confusion about this issue, but later found the answer.
