ZH: 原本我打算今天去图书馆，但是起晚了。
EN: I had planned to go to the library today, but I overslept.

ZH: 你原本要去吃饭吗？
EN: Were you originally going to have dinner?

ZH: 她原本喜欢画画，后来转行了。
EN: She originally liked drawing, but then changed careers.

ZH: 我们原本打算去山上徒步旅行，可是天气太糟糕了。
EN: We had initially planned to go hiking in the mountains, but the weather was too bad.

ZH: 他原本不爱吃蔬菜，但是现在每天都吃。
EN: He didn't used to like eating vegetables, but now he eats them every day.

ZH: 这个建筑物不是原本的样子，经过了大规模的改建。
EN: This building doesn't look the same as it originally did, it went through extensive renovations.

ZH: 这个市场原本只有几家小摊位，现在变成了大型购物中心。
EN: This market originally had only a few small stalls, and now it has turned into a large shopping center.

ZH: 原本我想去看电影，不过改变主意了。
EN: I had planned to go watch a movie, but I changed my mind.

ZH: 这个菜的原本味道很鲜美，现在感觉变了。
EN: This dish originally had a delicious taste, but now it feels different.

ZH: 她原本打算结婚，但是最后决定单身。
EN: She had originally planned to get married, but then decided to stay single.

ZH: 我们原本是朋友，后来成为了情侣。
EN: We were originally friends, then we became a couple.

ZH: 我们原本预定的航班被取消了，只能改签其他的。
EN: Our originally scheduled flight got canceled, so we had to rebook with another one.

ZH: 原本这条裙子是蓝色的，我染成了紫色。
EN: This skirt was originally blue, but I dyed it purple.

ZH: 她原本不太擅长跑步，经过训练有了很大的进步。
EN: She wasn't originally good at running, but she has made great progress through training.

ZH: 这个项目的原本预算是一百万美元，但最后花了两倍。
EN: The original budget for this project was one million dollars, but it ended up costing twice as much.

ZH: 原本这个国家的经济非常强大，但经历了一场危机。
EN: The economy of this country was originally very strong, but it went through a crisis.

ZH: 我原本不喜欢这首歌，但经过多次听后喜欢上了。
EN: I didn't originally like this song, but after listening to it several times, I started to enjoy it.

ZH: 她原本计划出国留学，但因为疫情取消了行程。
EN: She had originally planned to study abroad, but her trip got canceled due to the pandemic.

ZH: 这本书的原本封面很破旧，我重新装订了一下。
EN: The original cover of this book was very worn out, so I rebound it.

ZH: 原本这里是一片森林，后来变成了一个城市公园。
EN: This place was originally a forest, and later turned into a city park.
