ZH: 请参照我的说明书来组装这个家具。
EN: Please refer to the instruction manual to assemble this furniture.

ZH: 在写作业时，你要参照相关资料。
EN: When doing homework, you should refer to relevant materials.

ZH: 我们需要参照规定来做出决定。
EN: We need to refer to the regulations to make a decision.

ZH: 在学术论文中，需要经常参照其他作者的研究成果。
EN: In academic papers, it is necessary to frequently refer to the research findings of other authors.

ZH: 小组讨论时，大家可以相互参照对方的意见。
EN: During group discussions, everyone can refer to each other's opinions.

ZH: 这本书是我的参照书，在日常研究中经常使用。
EN: This book is my reference book, which I frequently use in my daily studies.

ZH: 学生在写论文时不要只凭个人看法，应该参照专家的意见。
EN: When writing a paper, students should not rely solely on personal opinions but refer to expert opinions.

ZH: 这份合同需要参照国家的法律来制定。
EN: This contract needs to be formulated in reference to the laws of the country.

ZH: 创作时，艺术家总是会参照自己的生活经历。
EN: When creating, artists always refer to their life experiences.

ZH: 这家公司在制定政策时，经常会参照市场趋势。
EN: This company often refers to market trends when formulating policies.

ZH: 你可以参照这份模板来撰写报告。
EN: You can refer to this template to write the report.

ZH: 学术论文需要严格参照引用规范。
EN: Academic papers need to strictly reference citation standards.

ZH: 他喜欢参照地图，自己找到目的地。
EN: He likes to refer to the map to find the destination by himself.

ZH: 为了准确无误，我们应该经常参照手册进行操作。
EN: In order to be accurate, we should frequently refer to the manual for operation.

ZH: 学生在写作文时，可以参照老师的范文。
EN: Students can refer to the teacher's model essay when writing compositions.

ZH: 组装家具时，请务必参照说明书。
EN: When assembling furniture, please be sure to refer to the instruction manual.

ZH: 为了避免错误，我会参照之前的工作经验。
EN: To avoid mistakes, I will refer to previous work experience.

ZH: 参照这份清单，检查一下有没有遗漏的东西。
EN: Refer to this checklist and check if anything has been missed.

ZH: 在处理这个问题时，他会参照过去的经验做出决定。
EN: When dealing with this issue, he will refer to past experiences to make a decision.

ZH: 这位设计师擅长参照自然景观创作原创设计。
EN: This designer is good at referring to natural landscapes for creating original designs.
