ZH: 我又惊又喜地发现了一只久违的好友。
EN: I was both surprised and delighted to find an old friend.
ZH: 他又惊又喜地收到了一份匿名礼物。
EN: He was both surprised and delighted to receive an anonymous gift.
ZH: 她又惊又喜地听到了自己的歌曲在电台播放。
EN: She was both surprised and delighted to hear her song playing on the radio.
ZH: 我又惊又喜地得知我被录取了。
EN: I was both surprised and delighted to find out that I was accepted.
ZH: 小狗看到主人回家时又惊又喜地摇着尾巴。
EN: The puppy wagged its tail, both surprised and delighted, when it saw its owner coming home.
ZH: 孩子们又惊又喜地打开了圣诞礼物。
EN: The children opened their Christmas presents, both surprised and delighted.
ZH: 她又惊又喜地看到自己的画作在画廊里展出。
EN: She was both surprised and delighted to see her paintings displayed in the gallery.
ZH: 我们又惊又喜地发现了一家新餐馆。
EN: We were both surprised and delighted to discover a new restaurant.
ZH: 他又惊又喜地获得了一份意想不到的晋升。
EN: He was both surprised and delighted to receive an unexpected promotion.
ZH: 我又惊又喜地找到了我丢失的钱包。
EN: I was both surprised and delighted to find my lost wallet.
ZH: 这部电影会让你又惊又喜。
EN: This movie will make you both surprised and delighted.
ZH: 妈妈叫醒我起床时，我又惊又喜，因为今天是我生日。
EN: I was both surprised and delighted when my mom woke me up because it was my birthday.
ZH: 他打开信封，又惊又喜地读到了一个奖学金的通知。
EN: He opened the envelope and read a scholarship notification, both surprised and delighted.
ZH: 他得到了一个大礼物，让他又惊又喜。
EN: He received a big gift that made him both surprised and delighted.
ZH: 小孩在遇到他喜欢的玩具时，又惊又喜。
EN: The child was both surprised and delighted when he found the toy he liked.
ZH: 开门的时候他又惊又喜，看到一大群朋友都在等他。
EN: He was both surprised and delighted to see a large group of friends waiting for him when he opened the door.
ZH: 这场演出会让你又惊又喜。
EN: This performance will make you both surprised and delighted.
ZH: 她一进电影院就又惊又喜地看到自己的偶像。
EN: She was both surprised and delighted when she saw her idol as soon as she entered the cinema.
ZH: 我们又惊又喜地发现了一家新的餐厅。
EN: We were both surprised and delighted to discover a new restaurant.
ZH: 昨天当我放风筝时，又惊又喜地发现了一颗星星。
EN: Yesterday, as I was flying a kite, I was both surprised and delighted to see a star.
