ZH: 姐姐怀了双胞胎，真是双喜临门。
EN: My sister is pregnant with twins, it's a double blessing.

ZH: 公司经理的双重晋升让大家感到双喜临门。
EN: The company manager's double promotion brought double joy to everyone.

ZH: 他们结婚五年后，突然迎来了双喜临门的好消息。
EN: Five years after their marriage, they suddenly received the double blessings.

ZH: 弟弟考上大学，姐姐生了个健康的宝宝，真是双喜临门。
EN: My younger brother got into university and my sister gave birth to a healthy baby, it's a double blessing.

ZH: 小明生日那天，他的姥爷奶奶来了，真是双喜临门。
EN: On Xiaoming's birthday, his grandparents came, it's a double blessing.

ZH: 妹妹结婚了，又买了房子，一切顺利双喜临门。
EN: My sister got married and bought a house, everything went smoothly with double blessings.

ZH: 昨天他赢了一百万，今天又得知妻子怀了孩子，双喜临门啊！
EN: He won a million dollars yesterday and found out his wife is pregnant today, double blessings!

ZH: 这家餐馆开张三周年庆，双喜临门，生意兴隆。
EN: This restaurant celebrates its third anniversary with double blessings and flourishing business.

ZH: 老师的双胞胎儿子都考上了重点大学，真是双喜临门。
EN: The teacher's twin sons both got into prestigious universities, it's a double blessing.

ZH: 姑妈生了个健康的女儿，公司也获得了大额订单，真是双喜临门。
EN: My aunt gave birth to a healthy daughter and the company also received a big order, it's a double blessing.

ZH: 哥哥结婚了，弟弟刚升职，一家人双喜临门。
EN: My older brother got married and my younger brother just got promoted, it's double blessings for the family.

ZH: 他们明年要举行婚礼，双喜临门的消息传来，让家人都很开心。
EN: They are going to have a wedding next year, the news of the double blessings made the whole family happy.

ZH: 购彩票的妈妈幸运地中了大奖，哥哥的宝宝也刚出生，真是双喜临门。
EN: The mom who bought the lottery ticket luckily won a big prize, and my brother's baby was just born, it's double blessings.

ZH: 师傅领了双份工资，同时还得知自己将当爷爷了，双喜临门。
EN: The master received double pay and also found out he is going to be a grandpa, it's double blessings.

ZH: 喜欢的歌手来演唱会，同时公司出了新产品，真是双喜临门，太开心了！
EN: My favorite singer is having a concert and the company launched a new product, it's double blessings, I'm so happy!

ZH: 姐姐的店铺生意兴隆，妹妹刚刚订婚，一家人双喜临门。
EN: My sister's shop is doing well and my younger sister just got engaged, it's double blessings for the family.

ZH: 祖父突然康复，孙女考上了大学，双喜临门的消息让全家人欢欣鼓舞。
EN: Grandfather suddenly recovered and granddaughter got into university, the news of the double blessings lifted the spirits of the whole family.

ZH: 过年期间，公公和婆婆也特地来看望我们，真是双喜临门之喜。
EN: During the New Year period, father-in-law and mother-in-law specially came to visit us, it's a double blessing.

ZH: 弟媳结婚了，弟弟的生意也兴隆，真是双喜临门。
EN: My brother's wife got married and his business flourished, it's a double blessing.
