ZH: 我原以为他会很生气，可是反倒笑了起来。
EN: I thought he would be angry, but he laughed instead.

ZH: 他在比赛中没有好好发挥，结果反倒赢了比赛。
EN: He didn't perform well in the game, but ended up winning instead.

ZH: 尽管工作很忙，但她反倒觉得更有动力。
EN: Despite being busy with work, she felt more motivated instead.

ZH: 这部电影虽然很长，但反倒吸引了很多观众。
EN: Although this movie is long, it has attracted many viewers instead.

ZH: 虽然赢得了比赛，他反倒没有开心起来。
EN: Although he won the game, he didn't become happy instead.

ZH: 英语课之前，我想了很多问题，可是反倒忘记了所有的答案。
EN: Before the English class, I thought of many questions, but ended up forgetting all the answers instead.

ZH: 虽然他很害羞，但反倒在舞台上表演得很出色。
EN: Although he is shy, he performs very well on stage instead.

ZH: 我在大城市生活了几年，反倒更想回到小镇上。
EN: I lived in a big city for several years, but ended up wanting to go back to the small town instead.

ZH: 虽然遇到了很多困难，但他反倒更坚定自己的目标。
EN: Although he encountered many difficulties, he became more determined about his goal instead.

ZH: 我想通过这次旅行放松一下，可是反倒更紧张了。
EN: I wanted to relax through this trip, but ended up becoming more nervous instead.

ZH: 虽然她很喜欢音乐，但反倒选择了画画作为职业。
EN: Although she loves music, she chose painting as her profession instead.

ZH: 其他人都认为这是个难题，可是她反倒找到了解决办法。
EN: Everyone else thought it was a difficult problem, but she found a solution instead.

ZH: 尽管天气不好，反倒有更多人去了公园。
EN: Despite the bad weather, more people went to the park instead.

ZH: 虽然他很有才华，但反倒没有受到老师的赏识。
EN: Although he is talented, he didn't receive recognition from the teacher instead.

ZH: 我本来想要请客，可是他反倒请了我出去吃饭。
EN: I originally wanted to treat him, but he ended up inviting me out for dinner instead.

ZH: 虽然他很有钱，但这次反倒借了我一些钱。
EN: Although he is wealthy, he ended up borrowing some money from me instead.

ZH: 外面下雨了，反倒更多人来参加了派对。
EN: It started raining outside, but more people ended up joining the party instead.

ZH: 虽然路很远，但我们反倒走得很快。
EN: Although the road was long, we ended up walking fast instead.

ZH: 虽然他很疲倦，但反倒睡不着觉。
EN: Although he was tired, he couldn't fall asleep instead.

ZH: 我以为他会生气，可是他反倒给我道歉了。
EN: I thought he would be angry, but he ended up apologizing to me instead.
