ZH: 他帮助了我，反过来，我也得帮助他。
EN: He helped me, in turn, I have to help him.

ZH: 她给了我建议，反过来，我也给她一些建议。
EN: She gave me advice, in return, I also gave her some advice.

ZH: 我们支持他，反过来，他也支持我们。
EN: We support him, in turn, he supports us.

ZH: 学生们对老师有礼貌，反过来，老师也要对学生有礼貌。
EN: Students are polite to teachers, in turn, teachers should also be polite to students.

ZH: 她经常帮助别人，反过来，别人也会帮助她。
EN: She often helps others, in turn, others will also help her.

ZH: 他对你很好，你也要反过来对他好。
EN: He is very good to you, you should also be good to him in return.

ZH: 大家互相理解，反过来，团队关系会更加融洽。
EN: Everyone understands each other, in turn, team relationships will be more harmonious.

ZH: 她错了，反过来，我们也要原谅她。
EN: She made a mistake, in turn, we should forgive her.

ZH: 我们要尊重老师，反过来，老师也会尊重我们。
EN: We should respect teachers, in turn, teachers will also respect us.

ZH: 他为我做了很多，反过来，我也要回报他。
EN: He did a lot for me, in turn, I should also repay him.

ZH: 他们付出了很多努力，反过来，我们也不能辜负他们的期望。
EN: They put in a lot of effort, in turn, we should not disappoint their expectations.

ZH: 如果你对别人好，反过来，他们也会对你好。
EN: If you are good to others, in turn, they will be good to you.

ZH: 她是一个优秀的团队领导，反过来，团队也会更团结。
EN: She is an excellent team leader, in turn, the team will be more united.

ZH: 我们要相信自己，反过来，别人也会相信我们。
EN: We should believe in ourselves, in turn, others will also believe in us.

ZH: 他们向老师请教问题，反过来，老师也会帮助他们解决。
EN: They ask the teacher questions, in turn, the teacher will help them solve them.

ZH: 这所学校注重学生的个人成长，反过来，学生也会为学校争光。
EN: This school focuses on the personal growth of students, in turn, students will also bring glory to the school.

ZH: 她对她的朋友很好，反过来，她的朋友也十分信任她。
EN: She is very good to her friends, in turn, her friends also trust her very much.

ZH: 学生们应该对老师有 respect，反过来，老师也应该尊重他们。
EN: Students should respect teachers, in turn, teachers should also respect them.

ZH: 我们要尊重自己的父母，反过来，他们也会为我们感到骄傲。
EN: We should respect our parents, in turn, they will be proud of us.

ZH: 老板对员工下达指令，反过来，员工也应该按照老板的意愿行事。
EN: The boss gives instructions to the employees, in turn, the employees should act according to the boss's wishes.
