ZH: 为了获得选民的支持，政治家们必须取信于民。
EN: Politicians must gain the trust of the people in order to receive their support.

ZH: 领导者应该通过言行取信于民众。
EN: Leaders should earn the trust of the people through their words and actions.

ZH: 取信于民是一个领导者的责任。
EN: Gaining the trust of the people is a leader's responsibility.

ZH: 他一直努力取信于民。
EN: He has been working hard to gain the trust of the people.

ZH: 通过实际行动，他终于取信于民了。
EN: Through his actions, he has finally gained the trust of the people.

ZH: 只有真诚和勤奋才能取信于民。
EN: Only sincerity and hard work can earn the trust of the people.

ZH: 领导者的决策必须是公正的，才能取信于民。
EN: A leader's decisions must be fair in order to earn the trust of the people.

ZH: 民众需要一个值得信任的领导者，值得信赖。
EN: The people need a trustworthy and reliable leader they can trust.

ZH: 每位公职人员都应该努力取信于民。
EN: Every public official should strive to gain the trust of the people.

ZH: 政府应该设法取信于民人。
EN: The government should make an effort to gain the trust of the people.

ZH: 通过履行承诺，我们可以取信于民。
EN: By fulfilling our promises, we can gain the trust of the people.

ZH: 领导者应该坚持原则，以便取信于民众。
EN: Leaders should stick to their principles in order to gain the trust of the people.

ZH: 坦诚直率是取信于民的关键。
EN: Honesty and transparency are key to gaining the trust of the people.

ZH: 只有通过勤勉与实际行动才能取信于民。
EN: Trust of the people can only be gained through diligence and concrete actions.

ZH: 为了获得选民的钦佩，政客必须取信于民。
EN: Politicians must gain the admiration of the electorate by earning their trust.

ZH: 他通过与民众就问题得坦白讨论来取信于民。
EN: He gains the trust of the people by openly discussing issues with them.

ZH: 建立信任关系非常重要，领导者需要不断取信于民。
EN: Building trust relationships is very important, leaders need to constantly gain the trust of the people.

ZH: 民众只会支持那些取信于民的领导者。
EN: The people will only support leaders who gain their trust.

ZH: 领导者在行为上应该符合民意，才能取信于民。
EN: Leaders should conform to public opinion in their actions in order to gain the trust of the people.

ZH: 通过诚实守信，他终于取信于民。
EN: By being honest and trustworthy, he has finally gained the trust of the people.
