ZH: 我们的团队受宠若惊，因为老板竟然表扬了我们的工作。
EN: Our team was pleasantly surprised when the boss praised our work.

ZH: 她受宠若惊地发现，她的画作被展出在艺术馆里。
EN: She was delighted to find out that her paintings were being displayed in the art gallery.

ZH: 这位演员受宠若惊地获得了最佳男主角奖。
EN: The actor was overwhelmed to receive the award for best actor.

ZH: 孩子们受宠若惊地得知他们被选中参加音乐比赛。
EN: The children were surprised to learn that they were chosen to participate in the music competition.

ZH: 新员工受宠若惊地发现，他们的意见在公司会议上被采纳了。
EN: The new employees were pleasantly surprised to see that their suggestions were taken into account during the company meeting.

ZH: 妈妈昨天生日，她受宠若惊地看到家里摆满了礼物。
EN: It was Mom's birthday yesterday, and she was pleasantly surprised to see the house filled with gifts.

ZH: 领导受宠若惊地看到员工们为了公司的发展付出了那么多努力。
EN: The leader was pleasantly surprised to see how much effort the staff had put in for the company's development.

ZH: 这幅画作很受欢迎，画家受宠若惊地看到人们排队购买。
EN: The painting was very popular, and the artist was pleasantly surprised to see people lining up to buy it.

ZH: 她受宠若惊地发现，她的新小说被列为畅销书。
EN: She was pleasantly surprised to find out that her new novel was listed as a bestseller.

ZH: 学生们受宠若惊地得知他们班级将被表彰为最勤奋的班级。
EN: The students were pleasantly surprised to learn that their class would be recognized as the most diligent class.

ZH: 这位演员受宠若惊地获得了奥斯卡最佳女主角奖。
EN: The actress was overwhelmed to receive the Oscar for Best Actress.

ZH: 我们的小组受宠若惊地获得了项目的领先位置。
EN: Our group was pleasantly surprised to have taken the lead in the project.

ZH: 母亲节那天，她受宠若惊地收到了孩子们亲手做的礼物。
EN: On Mother's Day, she was pleasantly surprised to receive handmade gifts from her children.

ZH: 这位艺术家受宠若惊地发现他的作品被展出在全球知名博物馆里。
EN: The artist was pleasantly surprised to find out that his work was being exhibited in a world-renowned museum.

ZH: 他受宠若惊地发现他被提名为年度最佳销售人员。
EN: He was pleasantly surprised to find out that he was nominated for the annual Best Salesperson award.

ZH: 这家公司受宠若惊地得知他们的产品在市场上获得了极高的评价。
EN: The company was pleasantly surprised to hear that their product had received high praise in the market.

ZH: 外婆受宠若惊地发现她的美食在家庭聚餐中备受赞扬。
EN: Grandma was pleasantly surprised to find her cooking being praised during the family dinner.

ZH: 这个行业领袖受宠若惊地被邀请发表主题演讲。
EN: The industry leader was pleasantly surprised to be invited to give a keynote speech.

ZH: 这位作者受宠若惊地发现他的新书在短时间内被热烈讨论。
EN: The author was pleasantly surprised to find that his new book was being widely discussed in a short period of time.

ZH: 老师受宠若惊地看到学生们在课堂上积极学习和互动。
EN: The teacher was pleasantly surprised to see the students actively learning and interacting in class.
