ZH: 我的朋友在考试前夜通宵看书，真是受罪啊。
EN: My friend stayed up all night studying before the exam, it was really suffering.

ZH: 他因为没有带伞在雨中行走，受了罪。
EN: He suffered because he walked in the rain without an umbrella.

ZH: 这个房间没有空调，夏天非常炎热，我简直受罪了。
EN: This room doesn't have air conditioning, it's incredibly hot in the summer, I'm really suffering.

ZH: 在偏远的山区，居民交通不便，每天下山买菜都要受罪。
EN: In remote mountain areas, residents suffer from inconvenient transportation and have to endure hardships every day to go downhill to buy groceries.

ZH: 她在这家公司工作的时候，经常加班到深夜，真是受罪。
EN: When she worked at this company, she often worked overtime until late at night, it was really suffering.

ZH: 这个孩子无法忍受父母的虐待，真是受了很大的罪。
EN: This child couldn't bear the abuse from his parents, it was really a great suffering.

ZH: 长时间的流产手术让她经历了巨大的受罪。
EN: The long-term miscarriages surgery made her experience great suffering.

ZH: 他为了帮助别人，常常把自己置身于危险当中，真是受罪啊。
EN: He often puts himself in danger in order to help others, it's really suffering.

ZH: 在冬天里车子熄火了，他在路边受了很大的罪。
EN: The car stalled in the winter, and he suffered a lot on the roadside.

ZH: 这本书的内容枯燥乏味，一读就让人受罪。
EN: The content of this book is dull and tedious, it's torturous to read.

ZH: 因为疾病的折磨，他度过了很长一段时间的受罪。
EN: He went through a long period of suffering due to illness.

ZH: 没有电扇的夏天夜晚，他在床上辗转反侧，受罪得无法入睡。
EN: On summer nights without a fan, he tossed and turned in bed, suffering and unable to fall asleep.

ZH: 在那次山地徒步旅行中，我们经历了数天的饥饿与疲劳，实在是受罪。
EN: During that mountain hiking trip, we went through several days of hunger and fatigue, it was really suffering.

ZH: 学生们每天要在拥挤的地铁上挤来挤去，真是受罪。
EN: Students have to squeeze and push on the crowded subway every day, it's really suffering.

ZH: 他在异国他乡遇到困难时，没有人帮助他，真是受了不少的罪。
EN: When he encountered difficulties in a foreign country, no one helped him, he really suffered a lot.

ZH: 她的家庭生活非常矛盾，经历了许多年的受罪。
EN: Her family life is very conflicted and has gone through many years of suffering.

ZH: 因为家暴，她受尽了身心上的受罪。
EN: She suffered physical and mental abuse and endured great suffering.

ZH: 在炎热的沙漠中行走，他们备受酷热之苦，真是受罪。
EN: Walking in the scorching desert, they suffered greatly from the heat, it was really suffering.

ZH: 这个地方没有供水设备，居民每天都要到远处的水源处取水，真是受罪。
EN: There is no water supply equipment in this area, residents have to go to a distant water source to fetch water every day, it's really suffering.

ZH: 长时间的恶意批评和责备让她心灵受了很大的罪。
EN: Long-term malicious criticism and blame made her suffer a lot mentally.
