ZH: 您好，我是来受理您的服务请求的。
EN: Hello, I am here to process your service request.

ZH: 请填写这张表格，我们会尽快受理您的申请。
EN: Please fill out this form and we will promptly handle your application.

ZH: 我们公司已经受理了您的投诉，并在尽快解决中。
EN: Our company has accepted your complaint and is working on resolving it as soon as possible.

ZH: 感谢您的来信，我们已经受理您的建议并会尽快回复。
EN: Thank you for your letter, we have acknowledged your suggestion and will respond promptly.

ZH: 请您耐心等待，我们将尽快受理您的需求。
EN: Please be patient, we will process your request as soon as possible.

ZH: 我们的客服团队已经受理您的咨询并会尽快回复。
EN: Our customer service team has taken note of your inquiry and will respond promptly.

ZH: 请您提供更多信息以便我们更快地受理您的申请。
EN: Please provide more information so that we can process your application faster.

ZH: 如果您有任何疑问，请随时联系我们的受理中心。
EN: If you have any questions, please contact our processing center.

ZH: 我已经在受理中心提交了您的请求，敬请耐心等待处理结果。
EN: I have submitted your request to the processing center, please wait patiently for the results.

ZH: 请您明天早晨来受理窗口办理相关手续。
EN: Please come to the processing window tomorrow morning to handle the related procedures.

ZH: 您的订单已经被受理，并将尽快发货。
EN: Your order has been processed and will be shipped as soon as possible.

ZH: 我们公司目前正在受理新客户，欢迎您加入我们。
EN: Our company is currently accepting new clients, welcome to join us.

ZH: 当天受理的申请将在当天内被处理。
EN: Applications received on the same day will be processed on the same day.

ZH: 请您提前通知我们以便我们及时受理您的需求。
EN: Please notify us in advance so that we can promptly process your needs.

ZH: 请您明天上午来我们公司受理相关文件。
EN: Please come to our company tomorrow morning to process the relevant documents.

ZH: 我们的受理时间是周一至周五，早上9点至下午5点。
EN: Our processing hours are Monday to Friday, from 9 am to 5 pm.

ZH: 谢谢您对我们工作的信任，我们会全力受理您的要求。
EN: Thank you for trusting our work, we will do our best to process your request.

ZH: 请您尽快受理这份紧急文件，并回复确认。
EN: Please process this urgent document as soon as possible and reply with confirmation.

ZH: 您的请求已经得到受理，我们会尽快跟进处理。
EN: Your request has been acknowledged, we will follow up and handle it as soon as possible.
