ZH: 他原本答应要帮我，结果临时变卦了。
EN: He originally promised to help me, but had a change of heart at the last minute.

ZH: 昨天天气很好，可是今天变卦了，下起了大雨。
EN: The weather was nice yesterday, but it suddenly changed today and started pouring rain.

ZH: 我们原本计划去看电影，但是因为朋友变卦了，我们改变主意了。
EN: We had originally planned to go see a movie, but because our friend changed their mind, we decided to do something else.

ZH: 星期五的聚会要取消了，因为主办方变卦了。
EN: The party on Friday is going to be cancelled because the host had a change of plans.

ZH: 他对这个项目一开始感兴趣，可是后来又变卦了。
EN: He was initially interested in the project, but then he changed his mind.

ZH: 老板原本同意我们的提案，但最后变卦了。
EN: The boss had agreed to our proposal, but then changed his decision.

ZH: 我们不敢确定他会不会变卦，所以一直还在等待他的答复。
EN: We're not sure if he will change his mind, so we're still waiting for his response.

ZH: 他们原本计划去旅行，但因为种种原因最终变卦了。
EN: They had originally planned to go on a trip, but for various reasons, they had a change of plans.

ZH: 我们原以为他会同意这个计划，但是他最后还是变卦了。
EN: We thought he would agree to the plan, but he ended up changing his mind in the end.

ZH: 如果他一直变卦，我就不想和他合作了。
EN: If he keeps changing his mind, I don't want to work with him anymore.

ZH: 这次的讨论中他没有变卦，表示他还是支持这个决定。
EN: He didn't change his mind during the discussion, which shows he still supports the decision.

ZH: 我们特地为她准备了惊喜，没想到她却变卦了。
EN: We had prepared a surprise for her, but she ended up changing her mind.

ZH: 领导反复变卦，让员工们非常不安。
EN: The leader's constant changes in decision-making made the employees very uneasy.

ZH: 我们很遗憾他最后变卦，我们的计划都得重新开始。
EN: We were disappointed that he changed his mind in the end, and now we have to start over with our plans.

ZH: 在最后关键时刻他又变卦了，导致了整个项目的失败。
EN: He changed his mind at the last critical moment, resulting in the failure of the entire project.

ZH: 我们已经商定好的事情，她居然又变卦了。
EN: We had already agreed on something, but she unexpectedly changed her mind.

ZH: 我很生气他突然变卦，毫无预警地改变了计划。
EN: I was angry when he suddenly changed his mind and altered the plan without warning.

ZH: 最后时刻变卦，让整个团队都措手不及。
EN: Changing the plan at the last minute caught the entire team off guard.

ZH: 他的态度反复无常，总是会让人觉得他在变卦。
EN: His inconsistent attitude always makes people feel like he is changing his mind.

ZH: 当事情变卦时，我们需要及时调整计划来应对变化。
EN: When things change unexpectedly, we need to adjust our plans quickly to adapt.
