ZH: 他总是口不择言，东一句西一句，让人听着很烦。
EN: He always speaks without thinking, saying things randomly that annoy others.

ZH: 小明在生气的时候经常口不择言，伤害了很多人的感情。
EN: Xiao Ming tends to speak without restraint when he is angry, hurting many people's feelings.

ZH: 她口不择言地说出了心里的想法，让大家都感到意外。
EN: She spoke out her thoughts without reservation, surprising everyone.

ZH: 当他口不择言地批评别人的时候，经常得罪人。
EN: He often offends people when he criticizes others without restraint.

ZH: 她在愤怒的时候总是口不择言，伤害了许多人。
EN: She speaks without reservation when she is angry, hurting many people.

ZH: 他的口不择言让很多人觉得他缺乏礼貌。
EN: His speaking without thinking makes many people think he lacks manners.

ZH: 她对我说了一些伤人的话，可见她是口不择言的人。
EN: She said some hurtful words to me, showing that she speaks without restraint.

ZH: 别随便和他说话，他是个口不择言的人。
EN: Don't talk to him casually, he is someone who speaks without restraint.

ZH: 当他生气的时候，经常口不择言地发泄情绪。
EN: When he is angry, he often expresses his emotions without reservation.

ZH: 他在不开心的时候会口不择言地指责别人。
EN: He tends to blame others without restraint when he is unhappy.

ZH: 她的口不择言让我觉得她缺乏思考。
EN: Her speaking without thinking makes me think she lacks consideration.

ZH: 我常常因为口不择言而得罪别人，需要控制一下。
EN: I often offend others because of speaking without restraint, I need to control myself.

ZH: 只要你口不择言，别人就会觉得你很不礼貌。
EN: If you speak without restraint, others will think you are impolite.

ZH: 她平时是个开朗的人，可是一生气就变得口不择言。
EN: She is usually a cheerful person, but becomes someone who speaks without thinking when she is angry.

ZH: 他总是口不择言，导致和家人之间的关系很紧张。
EN: He always speaks without thinking, leading to strained relationships with his family.

ZH: 当你口不择言时，很容易伤害到别人的感情。
EN: When you speak without restraint, it is easy to hurt other people's feelings.

ZH: 他不知道自己是个口不择言的人，以为自己很直率。
EN: He doesn't realize he is someone who speaks without restraint, thinking he is straightforward.

ZH: 在一场争吵中，他口不择言地说出了很多伤人的话。
EN: In an argument, he spoke without restraint, saying many hurtful words.

ZH: 小红因为口不择言而导致很多人不愿意和她交往。
EN: Xiao Hong's speaking without restraint made many people unwilling to associate with her.

ZH: 他就是个口不择言的人，不管说什么都不好听。
EN: He is just someone who speaks without restraint, nothing he says sounds good.
