ZH: 古人曾说：“知己知彼，百战不殆。”
EN: The ancients once said, "Know yourself and know your enemy, and you will not be defeated in a hundred battles."

ZH: 古人智慧无穷，留下了许多宝贵的经验。
EN: The ancients had infinite wisdom and left behind many valuable experiences.

ZH: 古人所建的城墙已经存在了数百年。
EN: The walls built by the ancients have been standing for hundreds of years.

ZH: 古人笔下的山水画令人叹为观止。
EN: The landscape paintings by the ancients are breathtaking.

ZH: 古人的哲学思想仍然影响着我们的生活。
EN: The philosophical thoughts of the ancients still influence our lives.

ZH: 古人的智慧传世千秋，不朽经典。
EN: The wisdom of the ancients is passed down through the ages as immortal classics.

ZH: 古人对自然的敬畏感使他们保护环境。
EN: The reverence of the ancients towards nature led them to protect the environment.

ZH: 古人善于利用资源，避免浪费。
EN: The ancients were good at utilizing resources and avoiding waste.

ZH: 古人的医学知识也很丰富，有着独特的治疗方法。
EN: The ancients also had rich medical knowledge and unique treatment methods.

ZH: 古人的文学作品多以人情世故为题材。
EN: The literary works of the ancients often revolve around human emotions and worldly affairs.

ZH: 古人在农业方面也有很高的造诣。
EN: The ancients also had great achievements in agriculture.

ZH: 古人十分重视家庭和家族之间的联系。
EN: The ancients attached great importance to the connections between families and clans.

ZH: 古人在建筑和雕塑方面也有很高的成就。
EN: The ancients also had great achievements in architecture and sculpture.

ZH: 古人的品质和修养都值得我们学习。
EN: The virtues and cultivation of the ancients are worthy of our study.

ZH: 古人的故事一直被口口相传，传为佳话。
EN: The stories of the ancients have been passed down through word of mouth and become popular tales.

ZH: 古人的智慧常常超出我们的想象。
EN: The wisdom of the ancients often exceeds our imagination.

ZH: 古人的言行举止充满了道德底线。
EN: The words and actions of the ancients are filled with moral integrity.

ZH: 古人留下的历史文化遗产是我们的宝贵财富。
EN: The historical and cultural heritage left by the ancients is our precious wealth.

ZH: 古人对时光的流逝有着深刻的感慨。
EN: The ancients had deep feelings towards the passing of time.

ZH: 古人的智慧是我们学习的榜样。
EN: The wisdom of the ancients is a model for us to learn from.
