ZH: 我们本来可以一起去旅行，可惜你有事不能来。
EN: We could have gone on a trip together, but unfortunately you had something come up.

ZH: 可惜我错过了那场演唱会，听说非常精彩。
EN: It's a pity I missed that concert, I heard it was amazing.

ZH: 她曾得到过那份工作的机会，但可惜没有抓住。
EN: She had the opportunity to get that job, but unfortunately she didn't seize it.

ZH: 他考试很努力，可惜还是没能及格。
EN: He studied hard for the exam, but unfortunately he still failed.

ZH: 昨天天气这么好，可惜我在家里忙着工作。
EN: The weather was so nice yesterday, but unfortunately I was busy working at home.

ZH: 这台电脑本来性能很好，可惜现在出了点问题。
EN: This computer used to perform well, but unfortunately it's having some issues now.

ZH: 她会唱歌也会跳舞，可惜没有机会展示。
EN: She can sing and dance, but unfortunately she hasn't had the chance to showcase her talents.

ZH: 我们原本可以在一起度假，可惜计划被取消了。
EN: We could have gone on vacation together, but unfortunately the plans got canceled.

ZH: 星期六的活动本来看起来很有趣，可惜天气不好。
EN: The Saturday event seemed fun, but unfortunately the weather wasn't good.

ZH: 她本来可以得到奖学金，可惜没有通过面试。
EN: She could have received a scholarship, but unfortunately she didn't pass the interview.

ZH: 这本书本来可以借给你看，可惜我把它遗失了。
EN: I could have lent you this book to read, but unfortunately I lost it.

ZH: 这道菜的味道很好，可惜我吃不消这么辣。
EN: The dish tastes good, but unfortunately I can't handle the spiciness.

ZH: 这位演员的演技很棒，可惜没人欣赏到。
EN: The actor's performance was outstanding, but unfortunately no one appreciated it.

ZH: 我们去年本来可以参加音乐节，可惜错过了时间。
EN: We could have attended the music festival last year, but unfortunately we missed the timing.

ZH: 这次旅行本来应该很开心，可惜发生了不愉快的事情。
EN: The trip was supposed to be enjoyable, but unfortunately something unpleasant happened.

ZH: 他本来可以进入名校就读，可惜没有通过考试。
EN: He could have entered a prestigious school for studies, but unfortunately he didn't pass the exam.

ZH: 这个计划本来很周密，可惜因为人手不足而失败了。
EN: The plan was well thought out, but unfortunately it failed due to a lack of manpower.

ZH: 他们两人本来可以走到一起，可惜有太多误会。
EN: They could have come together, but unfortunately there were too many misunderstandings.

ZH: 这款手机的性能很不错，可惜价格太高。
EN: The performance of this phone is decent, but unfortunately the price is too high.

ZH: 她本来可以接受这份工作的挑战，可惜选择放弃了。
EN: She could have taken on the challenge of this job, but unfortunately she chose to give up.
