ZH: 他听到了坏消息，号啕大哭起来。
EN: He heard the bad news and started wailing.

ZH: 那位妇女看到自己孩子受伤了，号啕大哭。
EN: The woman saw her child injured and began to cry loudly.

ZH: 在葬礼上，亲人们号啕大哭，悲痛欲绝。
EN: At the funeral, relatives wailed loudly in grief.

ZH: 老人看到自己亲人去世后，感情激动，号啕大哭。
EN: The elderly person became emotional and cried loudly after their loved one passed away.

ZH: 我看电影时，那个悲伤的场景让我号啕大哭。
EN: The sad scene in the movie made me cry out loudly.

ZH: 在失恋之后，她整夜都在号啕大哭。
EN: After the breakup, she cried loudly all night.

ZH: 那只受伤的小动物在地上蜷缩着，发出号啕大哭的声音。
EN: The injured little animal curled up on the ground and wailed loudly.

ZH: 在孤独的夜晚，他常常号啕大哭，思念家乡。
EN: On lonely nights, he often wailed loudly, longing for his hometown.

ZH: 当他被叛友出卖时，他感到背叛和痛失，号啕大哭。
EN: When he was betrayed by a friend, he felt betrayed and heartbroken, and wailed loudly.

ZH: 孤独的孩子号啕大哭，希望有人能听到他的呼声。
EN: The lonely child cried out loudly, hoping someone would hear his cries.

ZH: 战场上，伤痛的士兵们号啕大哭，让人揪心。
EN: On the battlefield, the wounded soldiers wailed loudly, breaking people's hearts.

ZH: 经历了漫长的折磨之后，我终于忍不住号啕大哭。
EN: After enduring a long ordeal, I couldn't help but wail loudly.

ZH: 在悲伤的场景前，群众们号啕大哭，泪如泉涌。
EN: In front of the sad scene, the crowd wailed loudly, tears streaming down their faces.

ZH: 孤儿听到离别的消息后，号啕大哭，无助且伤心。
EN: The orphan wailed loudly after hearing news of separation, feeling helpless and sad.

ZH: 当他们得知亲人去世的消息时，他们无助地号啕大哭。
EN: They wailed loudly in helplessness when they heard the news of their loved one's death.

ZH: 在恐怖片中，女主角逃脱后，号啕大哭，情绪激动。
EN: In the horror movie, the heroine wailed loudly after escaping, feeling emotional.

ZH: 那对年轻的情侣分手后，女孩整晚都在号啕大哭。
EN: After the young couple broke up, the girl cried loudly all night.

ZH: 当他们被告知丢掉工作的消息时，他们情绪低落，号啕大哭。
EN: They were in low spirits and wailed loudly when they were told they lost their jobs.

ZH: 独自承受着巨大压力的他，终于在夜晚号啕大哭，释放出内心的压抑。
EN: He, who bore immense pressure alone, finally wailed loudly at night, releasing the inner oppression.

ZH: 在孤寂的沙漠中，他发出亢奋的号啕大哭，寻找着一线希望。
EN: In the lonely desert, he wailed loudly in excitement, searching for a glimmer of hope.
