ZH: 当她听到那个令人沮丧的消息时，她不禁叹了口气。
EN: When she heard the discouraging news, she couldn't help but heave a sigh.
ZH: 看到年迈的父母已经生活艰难，他叹了口气。
EN: Seeing his elderly parents struggling with life, he let out a sigh.
ZH: 处于绝境的人们只能望天叹气，希望能得到救援。
EN: People in a desperate situation can only look up and sigh, hoping for rescue.
ZH: 他对无法找到解决问题的办法感到无奈，只好叹了口气。
EN: He felt helpless when he couldn't find a solution to the problem and could only sigh.
ZH: 面对不断变化的世界，人们常常会不由自主地叹上一口气。
EN: Faced with a constantly changing world, people often can't help but let out a sigh.
ZH: 她在考试中遇到了困难，情绪低落地叹了口气。
EN: She encountered difficulties during the exam and let out a sigh with low spirits.
ZH: 他对别人的无知和偏见感到失望，不禁叹了口气。
EN: He felt disappointed by others' ignorance and prejudice, and couldn't help but heave a sigh.
ZH: 在繁忙的都市中，人们常常在忙碌中叹息着时光的飞逝。
EN: In the busy city, people often sigh about the passing of time amidst their busyness.
ZH: 这个悲伤的故事让人们不禁心生叹气。
EN: This sad story makes people can't help but sigh.
ZH: 他为自己的过错而后悔，叹了口气表示懊悔。
EN: He regretted his mistake and let out a sigh to express remorse.
ZH: 面对人类的无尽贪婪和自私，他感到十分沮丧地叹了口气。
EN: Faced with endless greed and selfishness among humans, he felt extremely discouraged and let out a sigh.
ZH: 每当她想到已故的爷爷，她就会不自觉地叹上一口气。
EN: Whenever she thinks of her deceased grandfather, she unconsciously lets out a sigh.
ZH: 工作上的压力令他感到窒息，他只能抬头叹出一口气。
EN: The work pressure suffocated him, and he could only lift his head and let out a sigh.
ZH: 在寂静的夜晚，他躺在床上，不断叹气。
EN: In the quiet night, he lies on the bed, sighing repeatedly.
ZH: 看着年幼的儿子不停捣乱，他不禁叹了口气。
EN: Watching his young son constantly making trouble, he couldn't help but sigh.
ZH: 失去挚爱的人让她心如刀绞，她只能叹气以表达哀思。
EN: Losing her beloved one made her heartache, and she could only sigh to express her grief.
ZH: 想到过去的种种，他叹了口气，不禁感到惋惜。
EN: Thinking about the past, he let out a sigh and couldn't help but feel regretful.
ZH: 面对命运无情的捉弄，他感到无力和沮丧，只好叹了口气。
EN: Faced with the ruthless teasing of fate, he felt helpless and discouraged, so he had to sigh.
ZH: 当他看到那破旧的房子时，他惋惜地叹了口气。
EN: When he saw the dilapidated house, he sighed with regret.
ZH: 面对困难和挑战，他始终积极乐观，不会叹气。
EN: Faced with difficulties and challenges, he always remains positive and won't sigh.
ZH: 每当他想到未来的发展前景时，他不禁感到不安，叹气不已。
EN: Whenever he thinks about the future development prospects, he can't help but feel uneasy and sigh repeatedly.
