ZH: 他吃苦耐劳，一直在农田里劳作。
EN: He is hardworking and has been working in the fields all day.

ZH: 她在病痛中吃苦，却始终坚强面对。
EN: She suffered in illness, but she remained strong.

ZH: 学习是吃苦的过程，但努力付出一定会有回报。
EN: Studying is a process of enduring hardship, but hard work will definitely pay off.

ZH: 他从小就懂得吃苦耐劳，所以取得了成功。
EN: He has known how to endure hardship and work hard since he was young, so he has achieved success.

ZH: 面对挫折，我们必须勇敢吃苦，努力克服困难。
EN: Faced with setbacks, we must bravely endure hardship and work hard to overcome difficulties.

ZH: 奋斗的道路是充满吃苦的，但只有这样才能成就一番事业。
EN: The path of struggle is filled with hardship, but only in this way can a career be achieved.

ZH: 在生活中，我们常常要吃点苦头才能更上一层楼。
EN: In life, we often have to endure some hardships in order to climb higher.

ZH: 为了实现梦想，我们必须吃苦，坚持不懈。
EN: In order to achieve our dreams, we must endure hardships and persevere.

ZH: 挑战困难，勇敢吃苦，才能突破自我。
EN: Facing challenges and enduring hardship bravely is the only way to break through oneself.

ZH: 拼搏的过程中，我们总是要吃点苦头的。
EN: In the process of striving, we always have to endure some hardships.

ZH: 吃苦是成功的捷径，只有经历过苦难，才能看到光明。
EN: Enduring hardship is the shortcut to success, only through suffering can one see the light.

ZH: 道路再艰难也要走下去，吃苦一定会有回报。
EN: No matter how difficult the road is, we must keep going, endurance will definitely be rewarded.

ZH: 不怕吃苦，才能走得更远，取得更大的成功。
EN: Not being afraid of hardships is the only way to go further and achieve greater success.

ZH: 要想成功，必须吃苦耐劳，不怕辛苦。
EN: In order to succeed, one must endure hardship and hard work, and not be afraid of hard work.

ZH: 只有吃过苦的人，才懂得什么叫做珍惜。
EN: Only those who have experienced hardships understand what it means to cherish.

ZH: 生活不容易，我们需要吃点苦，才能更加珍惜拥有的一切。
EN: Life is not easy, we need to endure some hardships in order to cherish what we have.

ZH: 吃苦也是锻炼意志的好方法，能使人更加坚强。
EN: Enduring hardship is also a good way to strengthen one's will and make them stronger.

ZH: 面对困难，吃苦是磨练自我的好方式。
EN: Faced with difficulties, enduring hardship is a good way to refine oneself.

ZH: 吃苦不是一件容易的事，但是不经历风雨怎能见彩虹呢？
EN: Enduring hardship is not an easy thing to do, but how can we see the rainbow without experiencing the storm?

ZH: 吃过苦的人，更懂得珍惜幸福的来之不易。
EN: Those who have endured hardship understand the value of happiness that is not easily obtained.
