ZH: 他们终于决定了分手，各奔前程。
EN: They finally decided to break up and go their separate ways.

ZH: 毕业后，我们都要各奔前程。
EN: After graduation, we all have to go our separate ways.

ZH: 随着时间的流逝，我们终究要各奔前程。
EN: With the passage of time, we all have to go our separate ways eventually.

ZH: 不要为了过去的事情而耿耿于怀，我们应该各奔前程。
EN: Let go of the past and let's move on our separate ways.

ZH: 这个项目完成之后，我们将各奔前程。
EN: After this project is completed, we will go our separate ways.

ZH: 即便我们无法再在一起工作，也希望我们能够和平各奔前程。
EN: Even though we can't work together anymore, I hope we can go our separate ways peacefully.

ZH: 他们之间的恋情到头来也只能以分手各奔前程收场。
EN: Their relationship can only end in breaking up and going their separate ways in the end.

ZH: 无论发生什么事情，我们都会各奔前程。
EN: No matter what happens, we will go our separate ways.

ZH: 决议通过之后，团员们将各奔前程。
EN: After the resolution is passed, the members will go their separate ways.

ZH: 我们在这里相聚的时光将会是一段美好的回忆，现在是时候各奔前程了。
EN: The time we spent together here will be a wonderful memory, now it's time to go our separate ways.

ZH: 不要为了留住他而停滞不前，与其抱着过去不放还不如各奔前程。
EN: Don't force him to stay, it's better to go our separate ways than hold onto the past.

ZH: 尽管彼此之间有些矛盾，但我们还是要和平地各奔前程。
EN: Despite the conflicts between us, let's go our separate ways peacefully.

ZH: 虽然有着共同的目标，但我们需要各奔前程才能更好地实现它。
EN: Despite having a common goal, we need to go our separate ways to achieve it better.

ZH: 在这里相遇是缘分，各奔前程也是缘分。
EN: Meeting here is fate, and going our separate ways is also fate.

ZH: 千万不要为了谁而改变自己，我们还是应该各奔前程。
EN: Don't change yourself for anyone, we should still go our separate ways.

ZH: 他们之间的友谊在这次决别中走向了生命中的各奔前程。
EN: Their friendship took its own separate paths in this parting of ways.

ZH: 在国外留学的生活结束，他们将各奔前程。
EN: After the end of their study abroad life, they will go their separate ways.

ZH: 尽管我们曾一起努力，但现在是时候各奔前程了。
EN: Despite our efforts together, it's time for us to go our separate ways.

ZH: 这是一次难以避免的各奔前程，但却是必要的。
EN: It's an unavoidable parting of ways, but it's necessary.

ZH: 不要因为分开而感到孤单，各奔前程也是一种成长和学习。
EN: Don't feel lonely because of the separation, going our separate ways is also a form of growth and learning.
