ZH: 他们俩对未来的规划是同床异梦的。
EN: They have completely different visions for the future.
ZH: 作为夫妻，他们经常因为同床异梦而争吵。
EN: As a couple, they often argue because they have different dreams.
ZH: 公司内部的管理层和员工对公司发展方向的看法很可能是同床异梦的。
EN: The management and employees of the company may have conflicting views on the company's direction.
ZH: 虽然他们住在一起，但是他们对生活的观念却是同床异梦。
EN: Even though they live together, they have different concepts of life.
ZH: 他们虽然有着相同的目标，但是却总是同床异梦。
EN: Even though they have the same goal, they always have different dreams.
ZH: 经过多次沟通，他们终于意识到他们是同床异梦。
EN: After many discussions, they finally realized that they have different dreams.
ZH: 姐妹俩之间的矛盾源于她们的同床异梦。
EN: The conflict between the two sisters stems from their different dreams.
ZH: 他们虽然结婚多年，但是始终对未来有着同床异梦的想法。
EN: Even though they have been married for many years, they still have different dreams for the future.
ZH: 领导和员工之间的沟通问题导致了同床异梦的局面。
EN: Communication issues between the leaders and employees have led to conflicting dreams.
ZH: 在这种情况下，很难说他们会同床同梦。
EN: In this situation, it's hard to say if they will have the same dream.
ZH: 长期的分歧导致了他们的同床异梦。
EN: Long-term disagreements have led to their conflicting dreams.
ZH: 他们之间存在太多的分歧，使得他们一直是同床异梦的状态。
EN: There are too many differences between them, making them always have conflicting dreams.
ZH: 老板和员工之间的认知冲突造成了同床异梦的情况。
EN: The cognitive conflict between the boss and the employees has created a situation of conflicting dreams.
ZH: 父母和孩子之间经常因为同床异梦而产生分歧。
EN: Parents and children often have disagreements due to conflicting dreams.
ZH: 对未来的理想相去甚远，他们只能说是同床异梦的。
EN: Their ideals for the future are far apart, so they can only be described as having conflicting dreams.
ZH: 他们两个的个性是那么不同，总是同床异梦。
EN: Their personalities are so different, they are always having conflicting dreams.
ZH: 志在四方的两人，或许永远也不会有同床同梦的一天。
EN: The two ambitious individuals may never have the same dream.
ZH: 他们对时间的看法截然不同，一直都是同床异梦的。
EN: Their views on time are completely different, always leading to conflicting dreams.
ZH: 希望和现实之间的距离让他们变得越来越是同床异梦。
EN: The distance between hope and reality has made them increasingly have conflicting dreams.
