ZH: 他们同年出生，是很好的朋友。
EN: They were born in the same year and are good friends.

ZH: 我们同年毕业，一起庆祝吧！
EN: We graduated in the same year, let's celebrate together!

ZH: 这两位科学家同年获得了诺贝尔奖。
EN: These two scientists won the Nobel Prize in the same year.

ZH: 我们同年入职，一起工作了十年。
EN: We started working in the same year and have been working together for ten years.

ZH: 爷爷和奶奶同年结婚，一直幸福地生活在一起。
EN: Grandpa and grandma got married in the same year and have been living happily together.

ZH: 他们同年参加了马拉松比赛，都拿到了奖牌。
EN: They both participated in the marathon race in the same year and both won medals.

ZH: 妹妹和哥哥同年上大学，都选择了学习计算机科学。
EN: My younger sister and older brother started university in the same year and both chose to study computer science.

ZH: 女儿和儿子同年考上了同一所名校。
EN: My daughter and son both got into the same prestigious school in the same year.

ZH: 同年毕业的同学们聚在一起，回忆起那段甜蜜的校园时光。
EN: The classmates who graduated in the same year gathered together to reminisce about the sweet campus life.

ZH: 我和他同年出生，感情就像孪生兄弟一样亲密。
EN: We were born in the same year, our relationship is as close as that of twin brothers.

ZH: 他们同年结婚，一直相亲相爱。
EN: They got married in the same year and have been loving each other ever since.

ZH: 两人同年赴京，彼此相识，情同手足。
EN: They both went to Beijing in the same year, met each other, and became as close as brothers.

ZH: 同年考上大学的两人成为了无话不谈的好朋友。
EN: The two who entered university in the same year became inseparable friends.

ZH: 他们同年做了很多事情，相互陪伴相互支持。
EN: They did a lot of things in the same year, supporting each other and accompanying each other.

ZH: 她们同年离开国家，去探索新的世界。
EN: They left the country in the same year to explore a new world.

ZH: 两人同年辞职创业，共同奋斗打拼。
EN: They both quit their jobs to start their own businesses in the same year, struggling and working hard together.

ZH: 同年从学校出来的他们决定合租一间公寓，一起度过青春时光。
EN: They decided to share an apartment after graduating from school in the same year, spending their youth together.

ZH: 两人同年考入了同一所大学，从此走上人生新路。
EN: The two of them got into the same university in the same year and embarked on a new path in life.

ZH: 爷爷和奶奶同年退休，开始了二人世界的生活。
EN: Grandpa and grandma retired in the same year and started a life together as a couple.

ZH: 我和她同年参加了一场音乐比赛，都拿到了优秀奖。
EN: She and I participated in a music competition in the same year and both won excellent prizes.
