ZH: 这个网站打着免费的旗号，但是名不符实。
EN: This website claims to be free, but the reality is quite different.

ZH: 这家公司的口号是“最优质的产品”，名不符实。
EN: The company's slogan is "Highest quality products," but that's far from the truth.

ZH: 这所大学自称是全国最好的学府，名不符实。
EN: This university claims to be the best in the country, but that's not the case.

ZH: 他一再承诺会帮我，但是结果证明是名不符实的。
EN: He repeatedly promised to help me, but it turned out to be false.

ZH: 这个政治家口口声声说要改变，然而名不符实。
EN: This politician talks about change, but the reality is quite different.

ZH: 这个广告宣称这个产品能减肥，但其实名不符实。
EN: This advertisement claims that this product can help with weight loss, but that's not true.

ZH: 这个电视节目自称是真实反映生活，名不符实。
EN: This TV show claims to reflect real life, but the reality is quite different.

ZH: 她说她会来参加晚会，但是名不符实。
EN: She said she would come to the party, but that turned out to be false.

ZH: 这个演员在宣传采访中说他从未做过整容手术，名不符实。
EN: This actor claimed in an interview that he had never had plastic surgery, but that's not true.

ZH: 这本书在封面上自称是畅销书，但其实名不符实。
EN: This book claims to be a bestseller on the cover, but that's not the reality.

ZH: 这个公司声称所有产品都是天然无添加的，名不符实。
EN: This company claims that all products are natural and additive-free, but that's not the case.

ZH: 这家餐厅说他们的食物是手工制作的，但是名不符实。
EN: This restaurant says their food is homemade, but that's far from the truth.

ZH: 这部电影宣称是改编自真实事件，名不符实。
EN: This movie claims to be based on a true story, but it's not the reality.

ZH: 这个明星说她在社交媒体上是真实的自己，名不符实。
EN: This celebrity claims to be her true self on social media, but that's not true.

ZH: 这个商家宣传说他们的产品是最便宜的，但是名不符实。
EN: This business advertises that their products are the cheapest, but that's not the case.

ZH: 这位模特每一次出现都声称没有任何整容手术，但事实远非如此。
EN: This model claims on every appearance that she has not had any plastic surgery, but that is far from the truth.

ZH: 这间学校声称是全市教学质量最好的，但明显名不符实。
EN: This school claims to have the best teaching quality in the city, but it is clearly not the case.

ZH: 这个作家宣称他的小说是真实事件的记录，名不符实。
EN: This writer claims that his novel is a record of real events, but that's not true.

ZH: 这家公司说他们的产品能解决所有问题，名不符实。
EN: This company says that their products can solve all problems, but that's not true.

ZH: 那个政客说他是为人民服务的，但名不符实。
EN: That politician claims to serve the people, but the reality is quite different.
