ZH: 这家公司虽然名义上是由他们经营，但实际上还是由他掌控。
EN: Although this company is managed by them in name, in reality it is still under his control. 

ZH: 这个国家名义上是一个民主国家。
EN: This country is nominally a democratic nation.

ZH: 这个学生虽然名义上是班级的班长，但是他的权力并不大。
EN: Although this student is the class monitor in name, his power is not significant.

ZH: 这两个国家名义上是盟友，但实际上却存在着很大的矛盾。
EN: These two countries are allies in name, but in reality, there are significant conflicts.

ZH: 这个政府名义上保障公民的权益，但实际上却存在很多问题。
EN: This government nominally protects the rights of its citizens, but in reality, there are many issues.

ZH: 这个组织名义上是为了慈善事业，但实际上却存在着很多不透明的操作。
EN: This organization is nominally for charitable purposes, but in reality, there are many opaque operations.

ZH: 这位名义上的导师从来不指导学生，只是在名单上有他的名字而已。
EN: This nominal mentor never guides the students, his name is just on the list.

ZH: 这个国家名义上是马克思主义社会主义，但其实具体实践中并没有完全体现。
EN: This country is nominally Marxist socialism, but it is not fully reflected in specific practice.

ZH: 这个职位名义上是高级经理，但实际上却是个顶头上司。
EN: This position is nominally a senior manager, but in reality, it is just a superior.

ZH: 这个协议名义上是公平的，但实际上却有很多不利于我们的条款。
EN: This agreement is nominally fair, but in reality, there are many terms that are unfavorable to us.

ZH: 这部电影的制片人名义上是他，但实际上却是别人做了大部分工作。
EN: He is nominally the producer of this movie, but in reality, someone else did most of the work.

ZH: 这个计划名义上是为了环保，但实际上却没有推动任何实质性改变。
EN: This plan is nominally for environmental protection, but in reality, it does not promote any substantial changes.

ZH: 这个政策名义上是为了保护知识产权，但实际上却带来了很多负面影响。
EN: This policy is nominally for protecting intellectual property rights, but in reality, it has brought many negative impacts.

ZH: 这个村庄名义上属于自治区，但实际上却受到了中央政府的干预。
EN: This village is nominally under autonomous region jurisdiction, but in reality, it is influenced by the central government.

ZH: 这位明星名义上是代言人，但实际上却没有过多的参与。
EN: This celebrity is nominally a spokesperson, but in reality, there is not much involvement.

ZH: 这个组织名义上是为了维护消费者权益，但实际上却只是个花瓶。
EN: This organization is nominally for protecting consumer rights, but in reality, it is just a figurehead.

ZH: 这个城市名义上是州的首府，但实际上却不是行政中心。
EN: This city is nominally the capital of the state, but in reality, it is not the administrative center.

ZH: 这个房子名义上是他的所有物，实际上是共有的。
EN: This house is nominally his property, but in reality, it is jointly owned.

ZH: 这个机构名义上是与政府合作的，但实际上有很多独立运作的事务。
EN: This institution is nominally cooperating with the government, but in reality, it has many independent operations.

ZH: 这个合同名义上是公正的，但实际上却存在着很多附加条件。
EN: This contract is nominally fair, but in reality, there are many additional conditions.
