ZH: 他虽然离开了，但是我们相信后继有人。
EN: Although he has left, we believe there will be someone to take over.

ZH: 这个项目不会停止，因为后继有人。
EN: This project will not stop because there are successors.

ZH: 在他离开之后，公司内部有许多人可以接替他的位置，后继有人。
EN: After he left, there are many people within the company who can take over his position, there are successors.

ZH: 虽然领导者离职了，但是我们相信后继有人可以继续前行。
EN: Although the leader has resigned, we believe there are successors who can continue the work.

ZH: 在困难的时候，我们必须相信后继有人。
EN: In difficult times, we must believe that there will be successors.

ZH: 过去的功绩不会被忘记，后继有人会继续发扬光大。
EN: The past achievements will not be forgotten, there will be successors to carry on the legacy.

ZH: 在我的离去之后，不用担心，后继有人。
EN: After I leave, don't worry, there will be successors.

ZH: 领导者的离开不代表失败，后继有人会带领团队向前走。
EN: The departure of the leader does not mean failure, there are successors who will lead the team forward.

ZH: 这个组织是有组织的，后继有人。
EN: This organization is well organized, there are successors.

ZH: 他留下了精彩的遗产，后继有人会继续发扬下去。
EN: He left a wonderful legacy, there are successors who will continue to carry it forward.

ZH: 领导者的角色不是永远的，后继有人会接替。
EN: The role of a leader is not permanent, there are successors who will take over.

ZH: 学会信任，相信后继有人。
EN: Learn to trust and believe that there are successors.

ZH: 领导者在任何时候都有替代者，后继有人。
EN: Leaders always have replacements, there are successors.

ZH: 团队合作，共同努力，后继有人。
EN: Teamwork and joint efforts, there are successors.

ZH: 前进的道路上总会有替代者，后继有人。
EN: There will always be successors on the road to progress.

ZH: 在他不在我们身边的时候，我们要相信后继有人。
EN: When he is not by our side, we must believe there are successors.

ZH: 领导者的责任是培养后继有人。
EN: It is the leader's responsibility to cultivate successors.

ZH: 在他的带领下，团队培养了很多优秀的后继有人。
EN: Under his leadership, the team has cultivated many excellent successors.

ZH: 他离开后，团队依然团结，因为后继有人。
EN: After he left, the team remained united because there are successors.

ZH: 每一个领导者都应该有培养后继有人的意识。
EN: Every leader should have the awareness to cultivate successors.
