ZH: 他已经疲惫不堪，再也没有吹灰之力了。
EN: He was exhausted and had no strength left to even blow the dust away.

ZH: 她气喘吁吁地拼尽了吹灰之力把门关上。
EN: She used all of her strength to close the door, huffing and puffing.

ZH: 那个小女孩吹灰之力都用尽了，才勉强把箱子拉到了家门口。
EN: The little girl exhausted all of her strength to drag the suitcase to the doorstep.

ZH: 没有吹灰之力的人根本无法抵御这场风暴。
EN: A person with no strength left would not be able to withstand this storm.

ZH: 他吹灰之力都用尽了，仍然无法打破这个冰冻的门锁。
EN: He used every ounce of his strength, but still could not break the frozen lock.

ZH: 只要还有一丝吹灰之力，我们就永远不会放弃。
EN: As long as there is a glimmer of strength left, we will never give up.

ZH: 在困难面前，我们必须拼尽吹灰之力，不辜负自己。
EN: In the face of difficulties, we must use up all of our strength and not let ourselves down.

ZH: 在困境中，只有拼尽吹灰之力才能挽救我们的局面。
EN: Only by using all of our strength in times of trouble can we turn the situation around.

ZH: 他用尽吹灰之力，终于完成了这项看似不可能的任务。
EN: He used all of his strength and finally completed this seemingly impossible task.

ZH: 勇士们用尽了吹灰之力，终于打败了那个凶恶的怪兽。
EN: The heroes exhausted all of their strength and finally defeated the fierce monster.

ZH: 面对困难，我们不能丧失吹灰之力，必须坚持下去。
EN: When facing difficulties, we must not lose our strength and must persevere.

ZH: 在生活的每一个转折点，我们都需要发挥吹灰之力。
EN: At every turning point in life, we need to exert our strength to the fullest.

ZH: 只有吹灰之力，才能搬开这块巨石，见到真相。
EN: Only by using all of our strength can we move this enormous rock and see the truth.

ZH: 当他听到父亲身陷危险的消息，他立刻用尽吹灰之力赶去救援。
EN: When he heard the news that his father was in danger, he immediately used all of his strength to rush to the rescue.

ZH: 面对挑战，我们必须发挥吹灰之力，不畏艰辛。
EN: When faced with challenges, we must use all of our strength and not be afraid of hardships.

ZH: 他拼尽吹灰之力，才刚好跳过了那个巨大的坑。
EN: He used all of his strength to barely jump over the giant hole.

ZH: 在生老病死的现实中，我们只能用尽吹灰之力，在有生之年活出自己。
EN: In the reality of life, aging, sickness, and death, we can only use all of our strength to live our lives to the fullest.

ZH: 风雨徘徊之时，只有吹灰之力才能捍卫家园。
EN: In the midst of storms, only by using all of our strength can we defend our home.

ZH: 面对敌人的猛烈进攻，所有人必须集中吹灰之力，为保卫国家而战。
EN: Faced with the enemy's fierce attacks, everyone must muster all their strength to fight for the defense of the country.

ZH: 那位年迈的老太太拼尽吹灰之力，才勉强登上了山顶。
EN: The elderly lady used all of her strength to finally reach the mountaintop.
