ZH: 学校的告示说明天要进行防火演习。
EN: The school notice states that there will be a fire drill tomorrow.

ZH: 请看守告示，遵守动物园的规定。
EN: Please adhere to the notice and follow the rules of the zoo.

ZH: 停车位已满，这个告示告诉我们要去停车场。
EN: The parking spaces are full, this notice advises us to go to the parking lot.

ZH: 商场的告示提醒顾客保持社交距离。
EN: The notice in the mall reminds customers to maintain social distance.

ZH: 观看比赛之前，请仔细阅读这个告示。
EN: Please read this notice carefully before watching the game.

ZH: 公共车站发布告示，提醒乘客关注车次信息。
EN: Public transportation stations issue notices reminding passengers to pay attention to train schedules.

ZH: 别忘了在工作室门口留下告示，请勿打扰。
EN: Don't forget to leave a notice at the studio door, do not disturb.

ZH: 请注意社区告示，关于垃圾分类的新规定。
EN: Please pay attention to the community notice about the new regulations on garbage sorting.

ZH: 公园内的告示告诉游客要小心踩滑的地方。
EN: The notice in the park warns visitors to be careful of slippery areas.

ZH: 健身房的告示要求所有会员在进入前测量体温。
EN: The notice at the gym requires all members to measure their temperature before entering.

ZH: 博物馆里挂着告示，提醒游客保护文物。
EN: There are notices in the museum reminding tourists to protect cultural relics.

ZH: 不要忘记在实验室门口张贴告示。
EN: Don't forget to post a notice at the laboratory door.

ZH: 超市的告示告知顾客购买优惠商品。
EN: The notice in the supermarket informs customers to buy discounted products.

ZH: 医院的告示提醒大家要勤洗手、戴口罩。
EN: The notice in the hospital reminds everyone to wash their hands frequently and wear masks.

ZH: 火车站大厅的告示指引客人找到正确的站台。
EN: The notice in the train station hall guides guests to the correct platform.

ZH: 请看清楚邮局的告示，填写正确的地址信息。
EN: Please read the notice at the post office carefully and fill in the correct address information.

ZH: 警告：不要在公共场所张贴未经授权的告示。
EN: Warning: Do not post unauthorized notices in public places.

ZH: 请按照告示安置生活垃圾，做好环保工作。
EN: Please dispose of household waste according to the notice and do a good job in environmental protection.

ZH: 学校门口张贴了告示，提醒学生遵守校纪。
EN: A notice is posted at the school gate reminding students to comply with school rules.
