ZH: 我们今天庆祝公司成立十周年。
EN: We are celebrating the tenth anniversary of the company today.

ZH: 他们正在计划举办一个盛大的婚礼庆祝他们的结婚周年纪念。
EN: They are planning to have a grand wedding celebration to mark their anniversary.

ZH: 这所学校已经建立了三十周年，他们将举办一场盛大的校庆活动。
EN: The school has been established for thirty years, and they will hold a grand anniversary celebration.

ZH: 这份文件的发布标志着该公司成立二十周年。
EN: The release of this document marks the twentieth anniversary of the company.

ZH: 他们选择去海滩度假庆祝他们的结婚周年纪念。
EN: They chose to go to the beach for a vacation to celebrate their wedding anniversary.

ZH: 这部电影是为了庆祝电影院开业十周年而制作的。
EN: This movie was made to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the cinema's opening.

ZH: 明天是我和妻子结婚五周年。
EN: Tomorrow is my fifth wedding anniversary with my wife.

ZH: 这场音乐会是为了庆祝交响乐团成立二十周年而举办的。
EN: This concert is held to celebrate the twentieth anniversary of the symphony orchestra.

ZH: 明天是我们高中毕业十周年的聚会。
EN: Tomorrow is the reunion for our high school graduation tenth anniversary.

ZH: 我们的公司纪念品上印着公司成立周年。
EN: The anniversary of the company's establishment is printed on our company's souvenirs.

ZH: 这只纪念品是为了纪念学校建校六十周年而设计的。
EN: This souvenir is designed to commemorate the sixtieth anniversary of the school's establishment.

ZH: 我们计划在餐厅举办一个派对庆祝我们的结婚周年。
EN: We plan to have a party at a restaurant to celebrate our wedding anniversary.

ZH: 这家酒店正在为其开业五周年庆祝做准备。
EN: The hotel is preparing to celebrate its fifth anniversary of opening.

ZH: 我们的婚礼周年纪念日是我们一起度过的第五个。
EN: Our wedding anniversary is the fifth one we celebrated together.

ZH: 老师们正在为学校成立三百周年庆祝活动做准备。
EN: The teachers are preparing for the celebration activities of the three hundredth anniversary of the school's establishment.

ZH: 他们选择去欧洲旅行，庆祝他们的退休周年。
EN: They chose to travel to Europe to celebrate their retirement anniversary.

ZH: 这个展览是为了庆祝艺术馆开馆二十周年而策划的。
EN: The exhibition is curated to celebrate the twentieth anniversary of the art gallery's opening.

ZH: 我们一起去高山度假，庆祝我们认识十周年。
EN: We went on a mountain vacation together to celebrate our ten-year anniversary of knowing each other.

ZH: 音乐节是为了庆祝音乐学院成立五十周年而举办的。
EN: The music festival is held to celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of the music school's establishment.
