ZH: 他虽然不能呼风唤雨，但是他却是一个很厉害的魔法师。
EN: Although he can't control the wind and rain, he is still a very powerful magician.

ZH: 这位传说中的神仙据说能够呼风唤雨。
EN: The legendary immortal is said to be able to call forth wind and rain.

ZH: 她有能力呼风唤雨，让人们都为她感到惊讶。
EN: She has the ability to control the wind and rain, which astonishes everyone.

ZH: 在传统中国文化中，能够呼风唤雨的人被认为是神灵的化身。
EN: In traditional Chinese culture, those who can control the wind and rain are believed to be incarnations of gods.

ZH: 他似乎拥有能够呼风唤雨的神秘力量。
EN: He seems to possess mysterious powers to call forth wind and rain.

ZH: 有传言说，只要他一要求，就能呼风唤雨。
EN: There are rumors that as long as he asks for it, he can control the wind and rain.

ZH: 那个巫师声称他可以呼风唤雨，但是没有人相信他。
EN: The wizard claims that he can control the wind and rain, but no one believes him.

ZH: 肖恩听说有一位神秘的老人可以呼风唤雨。
EN: Sean heard that there is a mysterious old man who can control the wind and rain.

ZH: 这个国家在那个魔法师的帮助下，才得以摆脱旱灾，他真的能呼风唤雨啊！
EN: With the help of that wizard, this country was able to overcome the drought – he can really control the wind and rain!

ZH: 她的声音就像是呼风唤雨的力量，让人感到震撼。
EN: Her voice is like the power to call forth wind and rain, making people feel amazed.

ZH: 古代的传说中，只有真正的神灵才能呼风唤雨。
EN: In ancient legends, only true gods could control the wind and rain.

ZH: 奇怪的是，这个村子的天气总是被一个老妇人的眼泪所呼风唤雨。
EN: Strangely, the weather in this village always seems to be influenced by the tears of an old woman, calling forth wind and rain.

ZH: 随着一声震耳欲聋的雷响，他的魔法杖开始呼风唤雨。
EN: With a deafening clap of thunder, his magic wand began to call forth wind and rain.

ZH: 那位巫师站在山顶上，手举法杖，口中念念有辞，似乎在呼风唤雨。
EN: The wizard stood on the mountaintop, holding his wand and chanting, as if calling forth wind and rain.

ZH: 在那个神秘的村庄里，人们相信老巫师有能力呼风唤雨。
EN: In that mysterious village, people believe that the old wizard has the power to control the wind and rain.

ZH: 小华看到了狂风暴雨，不禁怀疑是不是有人在呼风唤雨。
EN: Xiao Hua saw the raging storm and couldn't help but wonder if someone was calling forth wind and rain.

ZH: 据说只有真正的巫师才能够呼风唤雨。
EN: It is said that only true wizards can control the wind and rain.

ZH: 这部电影中，主角通过自己的力量呼风唤雨，保护了整个村庄。
EN: In this movie, the protagonist uses his own power to call forth wind and rain, protecting the entire village.

ZH: 他不过是一个普通人，怎么可能呼风唤雨呢？
EN: He is just an ordinary person, how could he possibly control the wind and rain?

ZH: 这座神秘的山脉似乎有着呼风唤雨的力量。
EN: This mysterious mountain range seems to have the power to call forth wind and rain.
