ZH: 这两座城市只有咫尺之遥，可以步行过去。
EN: These two cities are within a stone's throw and can be reached on foot.

ZH: 北京与上海的距离只有咫尺之远。
EN: The distance between Beijing and Shanghai is only a hair's breadth away.

ZH: 我们现在所处的地方离酒吧只有咫尺之遥。
EN: The place we are at now is only a stone's throw away from the bar.

ZH: 咫尺的距离对于我来说就像天涯之隔。
EN: The distance of a hair's breadth feels like the end of the world to me.

ZH: 他们住在彼此咫尺的房子里。
EN: They live in houses that are within a stone's throw of each other.

ZH: 我们的目标似乎已经离我们越来越近，只差咫尺之遥了。
EN: Our goal seems to be getting closer and closer, only a hair's breadth away.

ZH: 虽然我们很亲近，但心里总有一种咫尺之隔的感觉。
EN: Although we are close, there always seems to be a hair's breadth of distance in our hearts.

ZH: 他们的友谊即使时隔千里，也像咫尺之遥一样紧密。
EN: Their friendship remains close even when they are thousands of miles apart, like a hair's breadth away.

ZH: 我们现在所处的地方离机场仅仅咫尺之遥。
EN: The place we are at now is within a stone's throw of the airport.

ZH: 他们过马路的时候，只有咫尺之遥就能到达对面的咖啡店。
EN: When they cross the road, they only have to go a hair's breadth to reach the coffee shop across the street.

ZH: 她对他的恋情已经离我们很近了，差不多咫尺之遥。
EN: Her love for him has come so close to us, almost within a hair's breadth.

ZH: 经过激烈竞争，最后的胜利只有咫尺之遥。
EN: After intense competition, the final victory is only a hair's breadth away.

ZH: 他们家的花园离我们的住所非常近，只有咫尺之隔。
EN: Their garden is very close to our house, just a stone's throw away.

ZH: 咫尺的距离并不妨碍我们彼此之间的了解。
EN: The distance of a hair's breadth doesn't prevent us from understanding each other.

ZH: 我们的梦想只差咫尺之遥，不放弃就能实现。
EN: Our dreams are just a hair's breadth away, they can be achieved if we don't give up.

ZH: 她的辛勤努力使成功离她越来越近，只有咫尺之遥。
EN: Her hard work brings success closer and closer to her, only a hair's breadth away.

ZH: 我们之间发生的冲突只有咫尺之遥，需要我们去解决。
EN: The conflicts between us are just a hair's breadth away, we need to resolve them.

ZH: 他们之间的差异只有咫尺之遥，却造成了很多问题。
EN: The differences between them are only a hair's breadth away, yet they cause a lot of problems.

ZH: 他和他的哥哥之间有一个咫尺之隔的明显界限。
EN: There is an obvious hair's breadth boundary between him and his older brother.

ZH: 这两个国家之间的矛盾只有咫尺之遥，需要通过对话解决。
EN: The conflicts between these two countries are just a hair's breadth away and need to be resolved through dialogue.
