ZH: 我的哥哥很高。 (My older brother is tall.)
EN: My older brother is tall.
ZH: 哥哥今天生日。 (It's my older brother's birthday today.)
EN: It's my older brother's birthday today.
ZH: 我的哥哥喜欢看电影。 (My older brother likes watching movies.)
EN: My older brother likes watching movies.
ZH: 我的哥哥是一位医生。 (My older brother is a doctor.)
EN: My older brother is a doctor.
ZH: 哥哥每天都给我做早餐。 (My older brother makes breakfast for me every day.)
EN: My older brother makes breakfast for me every day.
ZH: 我的哥哥会弹吉他。 (My older brother can play the guitar.)
EN: My older brother can play the guitar.
ZH: 哥哥正在准备考试。 (My older brother is preparing for an exam.)
EN: My older brother is preparing for an exam.
ZH: 我的哥哥比我高两岁。 (My older brother is two years older than me.)
EN: My older brother is two years older than me.
ZH: 哥哥很善良，总是帮助别人。 (My older brother is kind and always helps others.)
EN: My older brother is kind and always helps others.
ZH: 哥哥正在读大学。 (My older brother is studying at university.)
EN: My older brother is studying at university.
ZH: 我的哥哥喜欢打篮球。 (My older brother likes playing basketball.)
EN: My older brother likes playing basketball.
ZH: 哥哥辛苦工作来供养我们全家。 (My older brother works hard to support our whole family.)
EN: My older brother works hard to support our whole family.
ZH: 哥哥是一个非常有责任心的人。 (My older brother is a very responsible person.)
EN: My older brother is a very responsible person.
ZH: 我的哥哥每天骑自行车上学。 (My older brother rides a bike to school every day.)
EN: My older brother rides a bike to school every day.
ZH: 哥哥喜欢唱歌，有一个悦耳的嗓音。 (My older brother likes singing and has a pleasant voice.)
EN: My older brother likes singing and has a pleasant voice.
ZH: 我的哥哥很聪明，成绩很好。 (My older brother is intelligent and does well in his studies.)
EN: My older brother is intelligent and does well in his studies.
ZH: 哥哥喜欢旅行，已经去过很多国家。 (My older brother likes traveling and has been to many countries.)
EN: My older brother likes traveling and has been to many countries.
ZH: 我的哥哥是我最好的朋友。 (My older brother is my best friend.)
EN: My older brother is my best friend.
ZH: 哥哥总是给我很好的建议。 (My older brother always gives me good advice.)
EN: My older brother always gives me good advice.
ZH: 我的哥哥是一个很好的导游。 (My older brother is a great tour guide.)
EN: My older brother is a great tour guide.
