ZH: 今天我收到了心仪已久的礼物，真是喜不自胜。
EN: Today I received a gift I've been wanting for a long time, I was beyond delighted.

ZH: 姐姐考上了心仪已久的大学，她喜不自胜地告诉了我们。
EN: My sister got accepted into the university she's been dreaming of, she joyfully told us.

ZH: 小狗见到主人回家了，喜不自胜地跳了起来。
EN: The puppy jumped joyfully when it saw its owner come home.

ZH: 昨天公司发了年终奖，同事们喜不自胜地欢呼着。
EN: The company distributed year-end bonuses yesterday, and colleagues cheered with excitement.

ZH: 孩子们听到下周有假期，都喜不自胜地跳了起来。
EN: The children jumped with joy when they heard there would be a holiday next week.

ZH: 这份工作是我梦寐以求的，我怎能不喜不自胜呢？
EN: This job is something I've been dreaming of, how can I not be overjoyed?

ZH: 当我看到他赢得比赛时，我喜不自胜地为他高兴。
EN: I couldn't contain my joy when I saw him win the competition.

ZH: 我弟弟生日时，收到了心仪已久的礼物，他喜不自胜。
EN: My little brother couldn't contain his joy when he received the gift he had been wanting for his birthday.

ZH: 昨天我在街上偶遇了老朋友，我们喜不自胜地笑了起来。
EN: Yesterday I ran into an old friend on the street, and we couldn't help but smile with joy.

ZH: 儿子考上了心仪已久的学校，父母喜不自胜。
EN: The parents were overwhelmed with joy when their son got accepted into the school he had been dreaming of.

ZH: 我们结婚了，所有亲朋好友都喜不自胜地为我们祝福。
EN: We got married and all of our family and friends couldn't contain their joy as they congratulated us.

ZH: 小朋友们听说明天就要放假了，喜不自胜地手舞足蹈。
EN: The children were so excited to hear that tomorrow would be a holiday, they couldn't help but dance with joy.

ZH: 看到他终于实现了梦想，我喜不自胜地为他感到高兴。
EN: I couldn't help but feel happy for him when I saw he finally achieved his dream.

ZH: 姐姐参加了舞蹈比赛并获得第一名，我们喜不自胜地为她鼓掌。
EN: My sister participated in a dance competition and won first place, we couldn't help but applaud her with joy.

ZH: 我们全家终于一起去旅行了，大家喜不自胜地笑着。
EN: Our whole family finally went on a trip together, and we couldn't help but smile with joy.

ZH: 当得知被录取时，她喜不自胜地跳了起来。
EN: She jumped with excitement when she found out she was accepted.

ZH: 他昨天生日，收到了梦寐以求的礼物，喜不自胜地笑了起来。
EN: It was his birthday yesterday, and he received the gift he had been dreaming of, so he couldn't help but smile with joy.

ZH: 我们一家人在一起度过了一个愉快的周末，喜不自胜地笑了起来。
EN: Our family spent a delightful weekend together, and we couldn't help but smile with joy.

ZH: 听到自己得了奖，他喜不自胜地高兴得跳了起来。
EN: He jumped with joy upon hearing that he won the award.
