ZH: 他听到了好消息，顿时喜上眉梢。
EN: He heard good news and instantly had a smile on his face.

ZH: 她的孩子考试考得很好，让她喜上眉梢。
EN: Her child did well on the exam, making her beam with joy.

ZH: 当他们宣布要结婚时，她的妈妈高兴得喜上眉梢。
EN: When they announced they were getting married, her mother was overjoyed.

ZH: 昨天他考试通过了，喜上眉梢的告诉所有人。
EN: He passed the exam yesterday and happily shared the news with everyone.

ZH: 他收到了一份意想不到的生日礼物，让他喜上眉梢。
EN: He received an unexpected birthday gift that made him ecstatic.

ZH: 她看到了她喜欢的明星在街上走过，喜上眉梢。
EN: She saw her favorite celebrity walking on the street, which made her ecstatic.

ZH: 昨天他们被通知要去参加颁奖典礼，让他们喜上眉梢。
EN: They were informed yesterday that they were invited to attend the awards ceremony, making them elated.

ZH: 我们的团队获得了比赛的第一名，让我们喜上眉梢。
EN: Our team won first place in the competition, bringing smiles to our faces.

ZH: 她的生意开始蒸蒸日上，所以她喜上眉梢。
EN: Her business started thriving, so she was very happy.

ZH: 他被录取到了他心仪的大学，喜上眉梢。
EN: He was admitted to the university of his dreams, making him jump for joy.

ZH: 公司决定为我们增加年终奖金，让我们喜上眉梢。
EN: The company decided to give us a year-end bonus, which made us all extremely happy.

ZH: 这是我梦寐以求的工作机会，让我喜上眉梢。
EN: This is the job opportunity I have been dreaming of, making me ecstatic.

ZH: 花了几个月时间筹备的婚礼终于顺利举行，新娘喜上眉梢。
EN: After months of planning, the wedding was successfully held, and the bride was beaming with happiness.

ZH: 每次收到孩子的好成绩单，父母都喜上眉梢。
EN: Every time the parents receive their child's good report card, they are overjoyed.

ZH: 赢得了比赛的冠军奖杯，让运动员喜上眉梢。
EN: Winning the championship trophy in the competition brought a smile to the athlete's face.

ZH: 结婚五周年，丈夫送给妻子一份特别的礼物，让她喜上眉梢。
EN: On their fifth wedding anniversary, the husband gave his wife a special gift that made her extremely happy.

ZH: 花园里的花开得很美，让主人家喜上眉梢。
EN: The flowers blooming beautifully in the garden brought joy to the homeowners.

ZH: 在机场见到了很久不见的老朋友，让我喜上眉梢。
EN: Meeting an old friend at the airport whom I hadn't seen in a long time made me extremely happy.

ZH: 团队合作完成了一个艰巨的项目，让大家喜上眉梢。
EN: The teamwork successfully completed a challenging project, bringing smiles to everyone's faces.
