ZH: 今天听到好消息，他喜笑颜开。
EN: He grinned from ear to ear upon hearing the good news today.

ZH: 她看到她最喜欢的明星时，喜笑颜开。
EN: She beamed with joy when she saw her favorite celebrity.

ZH: 这个小孩成绩进步了，父母喜笑颜开。
EN: The parents smiled happily as their child made progress in academics.

ZH: 我收到了我一直期待的礼物，开心得喜笑颜开。
EN: I received the gift I had been eagerly anticipating, and I smiled happily.

ZH: 他听到了他得到了工作的好消息，高兴得喜笑颜开。
EN: He smiled with delight upon hearing the good news that he got the job.

ZH: 在朋友们的祝贺下，他喜笑颜开地庆祝生日。
EN: He celebrated his birthday with a beaming smile amidst the congratulations from friends.

ZH: 孩子第一次骑自行车成功，他父母都喜笑颜开。
EN: Both his parents beamed with joy as their child successfully rode a bicycle for the first time.

ZH: 当我告诉她我能来参加她的婚礼时，她喜笑颜开。
EN: She grinned happily when I told her that I could attend her wedding.

ZH: 这个幸福的夫妇喜笑颜开地庆祝他们的结婚纪念日。
EN: The happy couple celebrated their wedding anniversary with beaming smiles.

ZH: 看到自己种的植物长大成熟，她喜笑颜开。
EN: She smiled happily upon seeing the plants she had grown mature.

ZH: 当他成功地解决难题时，他喜笑颜开。
EN: He grinned with joy when he successfully solved a difficult problem.

ZH: 家人们一起做饭时，他们喜笑颜开地共度时光。
EN: The family smiled happily as they spent time together cooking.

ZH: 这个小女孩终于完成了她的手工作品，她喜笑颜开。
EN: The little girl finally completed her handicraft, and she smiled happily.

ZH: 他看到投资回报了很多钱，喜笑颜开。
EN: He smiled with happiness upon seeing a significant return on his investment.

ZH: 当他的宠物欢快地奔跑着来到他身边时，他喜笑颜开。
EN: He beamed with joy as his pet happily ran towards him.

ZH: 当他听到他的作品被选中了，他喜笑颜开。
EN: He smiled happily upon hearing that his work had been chosen.

ZH: 他终于在游泳比赛中获得了冠军，喜笑颜开。
EN: He grinned with joy as he finally won the championship in the swimming competition.

ZH: 当她看到自己的艺术作品被展出时，她喜笑颜开。
EN: She smiled happily upon seeing her artwork being exhibited.

ZH: 家人们一起从长时间的分离中团聚，喜笑颜开地相拥。
EN: The family embraced with beaming smiles as they reunited after a long separation.

ZH: 当他成功的时候，喜笑颜开是他经常展示的表情。
EN: Grinning from ear to ear is an expression he often shows when he succeeds.
