ZH: 我们昨天收到了一则噩耗，公司的总裁去世了。
EN: We received some dreadful news yesterday, the CEO of the company passed away.
ZH: 我竭尽全力将这个噩耗告诉他，但他仍然无法接受这个现实。
EN: I did my best to break the dreadful news to him, but he still couldn't accept the reality.
ZH: 当骚乱爆发时，人们开始传播关于噩耗的谣言。
EN: When the riots broke out, people began spreading rumors about the dreadful news.
ZH: 这个国家时刻都面临着噩耗的威胁，导致人们生活在恐惧之中。
EN: This country constantly faces the threat of dreadful news, resulting in people living in fear.
ZH: 她无法接受她心爱的宠物去世的噩耗。
EN: She couldn't bear the dreadful news of her beloved pet's passing.
ZH: 他接到了一个噩耗电话，得知他最好的朋友出了车祸。
EN: He received a dreadful phone call, learning that his best friend had been in a car accident.
ZH: 这次噩耗迅速传遍全国，让每个人都感到震惊。
EN: The dreadful news spread rapidly throughout the nation, shocking everyone.
ZH: 每当接到噩耗的时候，他总是冷静地面对，并找到解决的办法。
EN: Whenever he receives dreadful news, he always faces it calmly and finds a solution.
ZH: 这个城市经历了一连串的噩耗，居民们都感到沮丧和绝望。
EN: The city went through a series of dreadful news, leaving the residents feeling disheartened and desperate.
ZH: 我们希望媒体能尊重这个家庭，不要再传播这个噩耗。
EN: We hope the media will respect this family and stop spreading the dreadful news.
ZH: 令人痛心的是，我们今天收到了一份噩耗，公司将裁员100人。
EN: Sadly, we received some dreadful news today that the company will be laying off 100 employees.
ZH: 这封邮件中的噩耗让所有人都感到震惊和不安。
EN: The dreadful news in this email has left everyone shocked and unsettled.
ZH: 传媒迅速报道了这起事件，让整个城市都知道了这个噩耗。
EN: The media quickly reported the incident, spreading the dreadful news throughout the entire city.
ZH: 每当听到坏消息时，他总是开始焦虑和恐慌。
EN: Whenever he hears bad news, he always becomes anxious and panicked.
ZH: 他不愿意与任何人分享这个噩耗，他需要一些时间来处理。
EN: He doesn't want to share the dreadful news with anyone, he needs some time to process it.
ZH: 这个社区正在努力应对连续几天的噩耗。
EN: The community is working hard to cope with the consecutive days of dreadful news.
ZH: 我能听到她失声痛哭的声音，似乎收到了一个噩耗电话。
EN: I could hear her sobbing uncontrollably on the phone, as if she had received some dreadful news.
ZH: 这个家庭已经连续经历了太多的噩耗，他们需要一些时间来恢复。
EN: This family has gone through too many dreadful news consecutively, they need some time to recover.
ZH: 很难想象他接到这个噩耗后的反应，因为他一直是这个公司的支持者。
EN: It's hard to imagine his reaction after receiving this dreadful news, as he has always been a supporter of this company.
