ZH: 这个困难情况就像一座山，我回天乏术。
EN: This difficult situation is like a mountain, I am at my wit's end.

ZH: 公司面临巨大的挑战，领导回天乏术。
EN: The company is facing huge challenges, the leaders are at their wit's end.

ZH: 在疫情期间，政府回天乏术，无法控制病毒的传播。
EN: During the pandemic, the government is at its wit's end and unable to control the spread of the virus.

ZH: 这道数学题太难了，我回天乏术，无法解答。
EN: This math problem is too difficult, I am at my wit's end and unable to solve it.

ZH: 老板的要求太多了，我回天乏术，无法完成任务。
EN: The boss's demands are too much, I am at my wit's end and unable to complete the task.

ZH: 学生们的表现越来越糟糕，老师回天乏术。
EN: The students' performance is getting worse, the teacher is at their wit's end.

ZH: 这个项目的进展很缓慢，团队回天乏术。
EN: The progress of this project is very slow, the team is at their wit's end.

ZH: 我尽力了，但还是回天乏术，无法满足你的期望。
EN: I tried my best, but still at my wit's end, unable to meet your expectations.

ZH: 面对自然灾害，我们回天乏术，只能顺应大自然的力量。
EN: Faced with natural disasters, we are at our wit's end, can only adapt to the forces of nature.

ZH: 生活中会遇到很多挑战，要有勇气，不能回天乏术。
EN: In life, we will encounter many challenges, we must have courage and not be at our wit's end.

ZH: 失去工作后，他回天乏术，不知道未来该何去何从。
EN: After losing his job, he is at his wit's end, not knowing what to do next.

ZH: 在这个困难时期，我们不能回天乏术，必须坚持下去。
EN: During this difficult time, we can't be at our wit's end, we must persevere.

ZH: 面对失败和挫折，不能回天乏术，要勇敢面对。
EN: Faced with failure and setbacks, we can't be at our wit's end, we must face it bravely.

ZH: 在没有其他选择的情况下，只能回天乏术，听天由命。
EN: In situations where there are no other options, we can only be at our wit's end and leave it to fate.

ZH: 必须找到解决问题的方法，不能回天乏术。
EN: We must find a solution to the problem, we can't be at our wit's end.

ZH: 团队合作关系出了问题，领导回天乏术，无法调和。
EN: There are problems in team cooperation, the leaders are at their wit's end and unable to reconcile.

ZH: 面对这个复杂的任务，我回天乏术，不知道从何下手。
EN: Faced with this complex task, I am at my wit's end, not knowing where to start.

ZH: 随着时间的推移，问题愈加复杂，我们回天乏术了。
EN: As time goes by, the problem becomes more complex, and we are at our wit's end.

ZH: 在困局中，别回天乏术，应该找到解决之道。
EN: In a dilemma, don't be at your wit's end, find a solution.
