ZH: 因此我们必须制定一个明确的计划。
EN: Therefore, we need to create a clear plan.

ZH: 她对他的态度很冷，因此他感到很受伤。
EN: She was indifferent to him, so he felt hurt.

ZH: 他们在大学认识了，因此两人有很多共同话题。
EN: They met in college, so they have a lot in common.

ZH: 他终于提出辞职，因此能够更好地陪伴家人。
EN: He finally quit his job, so he could spend more time with his family.

ZH: 昨天下了很大的雨，因此今天路上会有许多积水。
EN: It rained heavily yesterday, so there will be a lot of puddles on the road today.

ZH: 他对所有事情都很小心，因此他的公司取得了很大的成功。
EN: He is careful with everything, so his company has achieved great success.

ZH: 她总是效率非常高，因此能够在短时间内完成很多工作。
EN: She is always very efficient, so she can finish a lot of work in a short time.

ZH: 学习语言需要坚持不懈，因此每天都要练习。
EN: Learning a language requires perseverance, so practice every day is necessary.

ZH: 她因此解释了为什么她无法参加会议。
EN: She explained why she couldn't attend the meeting as a result.

ZH: 他从小就热爱音乐，因此他成为了一名杰出的音乐家。
EN: He has loved music since he was a child, so he became an outstanding musician.

ZH: 这本书给了我很多新的想法，因此我觉得很受启发。
EN: This book gave me a lot of new ideas, so I feel inspired.

ZH: 她很负责任，因此领导选择了她来组织这个项目。
EN: She is very responsible, so the leader chose her to organize this project.

ZH: 在新的环境中，因此需要时间来适应。
EN: In a new environment, it takes time to adapt as a result.

ZH: 这种方法非常有效，因此被广泛采用。
EN: This method is very effective, so it is widely adopted.

ZH: 他忘记了告诉我会议的时间，因此我没能参加。
EN: He forgot to tell me the time of the meeting, so I couldn't attend.

ZH: 他一直很用功，因此取得了优异的成绩。
EN: He has been hardworking, so he has achieved excellent results.

ZH: 他的建议很有道理，因此我们应该考虑采纳。
EN: His suggestion is very reasonable, so we should consider adopting it.

ZH: 由于天气炎热，因此他们决定去海边度假。
EN: Due to the hot weather, they decided to go on a beach vacation.

ZH: 他因此能够赚到很多钱，开办了自己的公司。
EN: As a result, he was able to make a lot of money and start his own company.

ZH: 这个决定没有征求我们的意见，因此我们感到很失望。
EN: This decision was made without consulting us, so we are disappointed.

ZH: 他昨晚没睡好，因此今天看起来很疲倦。
EN: He didn't sleep well last night, so he looks tired today.
