ZH: 我总是埋头写作业，很少有时间休息。
EN: I always bury my head in doing homework and have little time to rest.

ZH: 他每天都埋头工作，很少和同事交流。
EN: He buries his head in work every day and rarely communicates with colleagues.

ZH: 她埋头钻研了一个星期的考试，终于考了个满分。
EN: She buried her head in studying for a week and finally scored a perfect score in the exam.

ZH: 别人都在看电视，他却埋头在看这本厚厚的书。
EN: While others were watching TV, he buried his head in reading this thick book.

ZH: 明明知道这件事很重要，但他却埋头装作不知道。
EN: He buried his head and pretended not to know even though he knew the matter was important.

ZH: 她埋头挖掘着自己的才能，终于得到了成功。
EN: She buried her head in exploring her own talents and finally achieved success.

ZH: 孩子们埋头在沙坑里玩沙子，非常开心。
EN: The children bury their heads in the sandbox, playing with sand and having a great time.

ZH: 这位科学家埋头研究了几十年，最终发现了一个重大的发明。
EN: The scientist buried his head in research for decades and finally made a major discovery.

ZH: 对于这个项目，我们需要埋头几个月时间才能完成。
EN: For this project, we need to bury our heads for a few months to complete it.

ZH: 当大家都在庆祝的时候，他则埋头思考下一步的计划。
EN: While everyone was celebrating, he buried his head and contemplated the next step of the plan.

ZH: 她觉得自己有点儿失落，于是埋头看书分散注意力。
EN: She felt a bit down, so she buried her head in reading to distract herself.

ZH: 他埋头处理工作，没有注意到周围发生的事情。
EN: He buried his head in his work and didn't notice what was happening around him.

ZH: 当你感到困难时，不要埋头自怨自艾，要积极解决问题。
EN: When you feel difficulties, don't bury your head in self-pity, but actively solve the problem.

ZH: 儿子上了大学后，就埋头学习，很少回家。
EN: After the son went to college, he buried his head in studying and rarely came home.

ZH: 她刚刚失恋，整天埋头在工作中，以逃避痛苦的事实。
EN: She just broke up, burying herself in work all day to escape the painful reality.

ZH: 这家公司一直在埋头研发新产品，希望能引领市场。
EN: This company has been burying its head in research and development of new products, hoping to lead the market.

ZH: 在面对困境时，我们应该埋头解决问题，而不是逃避。
EN: When facing difficulties, we should bury our heads and solve the problem instead of escaping.

ZH: 他埋头游戏玩了整整一晚上，结果第二天早上迟到了。
EN: He buried his head in playing games all night and ended up being late the next morning.

ZH: 她埋头练习了一个月的钢琴，终于能演奏一首曲子了。
EN: She buried her head in practicing the piano for a month and finally could play a piece.

ZH: 当别人对她的批评下来时，她只是埋头低声道歉。
EN: When criticized by others, she only buried her head and apologizsed softly.
