ZH: 这个指标是我们评估员工工作表现的基准。
EN: This indicator is the benchmark by which we evaluate employee performance.

ZH: 他的成绩一直保持在全国竞赛的基准线以上。
EN: His grades have consistently remained above the national competition benchmark.

ZH: 这个地区的人均收入高于国家经济发展的基准。
EN: The per capita income in this region is higher than the benchmark of national economic development.

ZH: 企业需要设定一个盈利的基准来评估其业绩。
EN: Companies need to set a profitability benchmark to evaluate their performance.

ZH: 对于这个行业，这家公司一直是其他企业的基准。
EN: This company has always been the benchmark for other companies in this industry.

ZH: 家长们往往以学业成绩为孩子的成功的基准。
EN: Parents often consider academic performance as the benchmark for their children's success.

ZH: 这场比赛将成为运动员们的基准，决定他们能否晋级。
EN: This game will be the benchmark for the athletes, determining whether they can advance or not.

ZH: 国家设定了一系列环境保护的基准，以保障生态平衡。
EN: The country has set a series of environmental protection benchmarks to guarantee ecological balance.

ZH: 他的表现已经超过了公司设定的工作基准。
EN: His performance has exceeded the work benchmark set by the company.

ZH: 研究人员将考虑这些因素作为分析数据的基准。
EN: Researchers will consider these factors as benchmarks for analyzing the data.

ZH: 这个产品的质量已经达到了国际行业标准的基准。
EN: The quality of this product has reached the benchmark of international industry standards.

ZH: 这个城市将新开发的CBD作为城市发展的基准。
EN: This city considers the newly developed CBD as the benchmark for urban development.

ZH: 这个行业的标杆企业定期发布市场行情的基准。
EN: The benchmark company in this industry regularly releases market pricing benchmarks.

ZH: 这家医院是整个地区医疗服务质量的基准。
EN: This hospital is the benchmark for the quality of medical services in the whole region.

ZH: 新产品将引领市场，并成为竞争对手比较的基准。
EN: The new product will lead the market and become the benchmark for comparing competitors.

ZH: 行业协会发布了一份关于行业发展的基准报告。
EN: The industry association released a benchmark report on industry development.

ZH: 这篇论文以前人的研究成果为基准，提出了新的理论。
EN: This paper takes the previous research achievements as a benchmark and proposes a new theory.

ZH: 这个国家设定了基准工资，以确保劳动力的基本生活需求。
EN: This country has set a benchmark wage to ensure the basic living needs of the workforce.

ZH: 学生们被要求达到基本的学习目标，这是他们进入下一阶段的基准。
EN: Students are required to meet the basic learning objectives, which are the benchmark for their entry into the next stage.

ZH: 这个城市的交通设施已经达到了国际先进水平的基准。
EN: The transportation facilities in this city have reached the benchmark of international advanced levels.
