ZH: 这是我的基本原则。 (This is my basic principle.)
EN: This is my basic principle.
ZH: 基本上，我今天会在家里。 (Basically, I will be at home today.)
EN: Basically, I will be at home today.
ZH: 这是学习的基本法则之一。 (This is one of the basic rules of studying.)
EN: This is one of the basic rules of studying.
ZH: 她的基本需求得到满足了。 (Her basic needs are met.)
EN: Her basic needs are met.
ZH: 基本上，我同意你的看法。 (In essence, I agree with your opinion.)
EN: In essence, I agree with your opinion.
ZH: 这是基本要求，我们必须完成。 (This is a basic requirement that we must fulfill.)
EN: This is a basic requirement that we must fulfill.
ZH: 基本上，我认为这是正确的。 (Basically, I think this is correct.)
EN: Basically, I think this is correct.
ZH: 这是技能学习的基本步骤。 (These are the basic steps of learning a skill.)
EN: These are the basic steps of learning a skill.
ZH: 我们需要教育的基本原则。 (We need the basic principles of education.)
EN: We need the basic principles of education.
ZH: 基本上，我觉得这是个好办法。 (Basically, I think this is a good approach.)
EN: Basically, I think this is a good approach.
ZH: 他有一定的基本知识但还需要更多的学习。 (He has a basic knowledge but still needs more learning.)
EN: He has a basic knowledge but still needs more learning.
ZH: 这些是我们生活中的基本需求。 (These are the basic needs in our lives.)
EN: These are the basic needs in our lives.
ZH: 基本上，我们需要更多的合作。 (Basically, we need more cooperation.)
EN: Basically, we need more cooperation.
ZH: 这是我们学习的基本资料。 (This is the basic material for our studies.)
EN: This is the basic material for our studies.
ZH: 学习这些基本知识非常重要。 (It is very important to learn these basic knowledge.)
EN: It is very important to learn these basic knowledge.
ZH: 这是企业成功的基本因素之一。 (This is one of the basic factors for business success.)
EN: This is one of the basic factors for business success.
ZH: 我们需要更多的基本信息。 (We need more basic information.)
EN: We need more basic information.
ZH: 基本上，他掌握了这项技能。 (Basically, he has mastered this skill.)
EN: Basically, he has mastered this skill.
ZH: 这些是学习语言的基本规则。 (These are the basic rules for learning a language.)
EN: These are the basic rules for learning a language.
ZH: 基本上，这个计划是可行的。 (Basically, this plan is feasible.)
EN: Basically, this plan is feasible.
