ZH: 最近气温下降，感冒患者数量增多了。
EN: The number of people with colds has increased as the temperature drops recently.

ZH: 这家餐馆的生意越来越好，客人增多了。
EN: This restaurant's business is getting better and better, with more customers arriving.

ZH: 随着城市人口增多，公共交通需求也在增加。
EN: With the increase in urban population, the demand for public transportation is also rising.

ZH: 学生们对这门课程的兴趣增多了。
EN: Students' interest in this course has increased.

ZH: 近年来，人们旅游的频率明显增多。
EN: In recent years, the frequency of people traveling has significantly increased.

ZH: 食品安全问题让人们对进口食品的不信任增多了。
EN: Food safety issues have led to an increase in distrust of imported foods among people.

ZH: 这家医院设备先进，前来就诊的患者增多了。
EN: This hospital has advanced equipment, leading to an increase in the number of patients seeking treatment.

ZH: 经济发展带动着城市的建设，并使城市人口增多。
EN: Economic development drives urban construction and increases the city's population.

ZH: 地下停车位的需求随着汽车数量增多而增加。
EN: The demand for underground parking spaces is increasing with the increase in the number of cars.

ZH: 婴儿出生率随着经济发展的增速而增多。
EN: The birth rate of babies is increasing with the rapid growth of the economy.

ZH: 在线购物的便利性让消费者选择增多了。
EN: The convenience of online shopping has led to an increase in consumer choices.

ZH: 手机功能变得更多样化，用户数量自然增多。
EN: With the diversification of mobile phone functions, the number of users naturally increases.

ZH: 随着社交媒体的普及，人们在网上交友的机会增多了。
EN: With the popularity of social media, people have more opportunities to make friends online.

ZH: 对健康的重视让人们锻炼的次数增多了。
EN: People's emphasis on health has led to an increase in the frequency of exercise.

ZH: 在城市中，机动车辆数量的增多导致了交通拥堵。
EN: In the city, the increase in the number of motor vehicles has led to traffic congestion.

ZH: 绝大多数的企业面临着市场竞争激烈、生产成本增多的困境。
EN: The vast majority of enterprises are facing the dilemma of fierce market competition and increasing production costs.

ZH: 随着城市化进程的加快，城市人口增多、土地利用紧张的情况日益显著。
EN: With the acceleration of urbanization, the increase in urban population and the tension of land use are becoming more and more significant.

ZH: 各国之间的旅游往来频繁，国际旅客也随之增多。
EN: With the frequent travel between countries, the number of international tourists has also increased.

ZH: 电子书的出现使人们阅读的便捷性增多了。
EN: The availability of e-books has increased the convenience of reading for people.

ZH: 随着互联网的发展，人们上网查找信息的次数增多了。
EN: With the development of the internet, people are searching for information online more frequently.
