ZH: 公司为了节省成本，决定将软件开发外包给印度的公司。
EN: In order to save costs, the company decided to outsource software development to a company in India.

ZH: 这家餐厅将清洁服务外包给专业的清洁公司。
EN: This restaurant outsources cleaning services to a professional cleaning company.

ZH: 我们的设计团队无法应付那么多项目，所以我们决定外包一部分设计工作。
EN: Our design team can't handle so many projects, so we decided to outsource some design work.

ZH: 这个国家的许多企业选择外包生产，以降低生产成本。
EN: Many companies in this country choose to outsource production to reduce production costs.

ZH: 这所大学已经外包了食堂的运营。
EN: This university has already outsourced the operation of the cafeteria.

ZH: 我们将这项任务外包给了一家专门的市场研究公司。
EN: We outsourced this task to a specialized market research company.

ZH: 为了更好地管理客户关系，公司决定将客户服务外包给专业公司。
EN: In order to better manage customer relationships, the company decided to outsource customer service to a professional company.

ZH: 这家工厂因为劳动力成本过高，所以决定将生产外包给外地的工厂。
EN: This factory decided to outsource production to a factory in another city due to high labor costs.

ZH: 他们公司的IT部门已经外包给了一家外国的IT服务提供商。
EN: Their company's IT department has been outsourced to a foreign IT service provider.

ZH: 这个项目的一部分被外包给了一家专业的承包商。
EN: Part of this project has been outsourced to a professional contractor.

ZH: 这家医院已经将清洁服务外包给了一个专业的清洁公司。
EN: This hospital has already outsourced cleaning services to a professional cleaning company.

ZH: 鉴于市场需求激增，公司决定外包生产以满足订单。
EN: Given the surge in market demand, the company decided to outsource production to meet orders.

ZH: 这家电商公司将物流服务外包给了一家专业的物流公司。
EN: This e-commerce company has outsourced logistics services to a professional logistics company.

ZH: 他们计划外包一部分客户服务给一家专业的客服外包公司。
EN: They plan to outsource some customer service to a professional outsourcing company.

ZH: 这所学校遇到了一些挑战，决定将招生工作外包给了一家专业机构。
EN: This school has encountered some challenges and decided to outsource enrollment work to a professional institution.

ZH: 为了提高效率，公司外包了一部分生产工作。
EN: In order to improve efficiency, the company outsourced some production work.

ZH: 这个地区的一些政府机构已经决定外包一些社会服务项目。
EN: Some government agencies in this region have already decided to outsource some social service projects.

ZH: 他们正考虑将一部分软件开发工作外包给专业的软件公司。
EN: They are considering outsourcing some software development work to a professional software company.

ZH: 这个行业越来越多的公司选择外包某些业务以提高竞争力。
EN: More and more companies in this industry are choosing to outsource certain tasks to enhance competitiveness.
