ZH: 多劳多得是一句古语，意思是付出多少努力就能得到多少回报。
EN: "The more you work, the more you gain" is an ancient saying that means the more effort you put in, the more you will receive.
ZH: 在学习上，多劳多得的道理同样适用。
EN: The principle of "more effort, more gain" also applies to studying.
ZH: 她认为多劳多得是一种理所当然的原则。
EN: She believes that "more effort, more gain" is a natural principle.
ZH: 只有多劳多得的人才能在竞争激烈的社会中立足。
EN: Only those who believe in "more effort, more gain" can survive in a competitive society.
ZH: 她深信自己的努力会得到回报，她坚信多劳多得。
EN: She firmly believes that her hard work will pay off, she firmly believes in "more effort, more gain."
ZH: 这个机会是多劳多得的结果，你一定要珍惜。
EN: This opportunity is the result of hard work, you must cherish it.
ZH: 在这家公司，多劳多得的原则被严格执行。
EN: In this company, the principle of "more effort, more gain" is strictly implemented.
ZH: 只要坚持多劳多得，你一定会走向成功。
EN: As long as you stick to the principle of "more effort, more gain", you will definitely succeed.
ZH: 每个人的成就都是多劳多得的结果。
EN: Everyone's achievements are the result of "more effort, more gain".
ZH: 这个项目的成功离不开大家的努力，多劳多得。
EN: The success of this project is inseparable from everyone's hard work, "more effort, more gain".
ZH: 他始终相信多劳多得的道理，所以一直保持着积极的态度。
EN: He has always believed in the principle of "more effort, more gain", so he has maintained a positive attitude.
ZH: 只要坚持不懈，多劳多得的原则终将应验。
EN: As long as you persevere, the principle of "more effort, more gain" will eventually come true.
ZH: 在这个团队里，大家都深信多劳多得。
EN: In this team, everyone believes in "more effort, more gain".
ZH: 考试的时候，只有多劳多得的同学才能取得好成绩。
EN: During exams, only students who believe in "more effort, more gain" can achieve good results.
ZH: 他告诉自己要坚守多劳多得的原则，不要轻易放弃。
EN: He tells himself to stick to the principle of "more effort, more gain" and not to give up easily.
ZH: 他一直抱着多劳多得的信念，从不停下脚步。
EN: He has always held onto the belief of "more effort, more gain" and never stopped.
ZH: 只有奋斗、付出才有可能获得成功，多劳多得。
EN: Only through struggle and effort can success be achieved, "more effort, more gain".
ZH: 没有人能逃避多劳多得的规律。
EN: No one can escape the law of "more effort, more gain".
ZH: 我们必须明白多劳多得的道理，才能在竞争中脱颖而出。
EN: We must understand the principle of "more effort, more gain" in order to stand out in competition.
