ZH: 小说里常常说，夜长梦多。
EN: As the saying goes, the longer the night, the more dreams you have.
ZH: 他总是担心未来，所以晚上经常失眠，夜长梦多。
EN: He is always worried about the future, so he often has insomnia at night and has many dreams.
ZH: 有时候夜长梦多，醒来还以为是真的。
EN: Sometimes there are too many dreams in the long night, and waking up feels like it was real.
ZH: 这句谚语告诉我们，夜晚的时间 很长，容易做很多梦。
EN: This proverb tells us that the night is long, and it's easy to have many dreams.
ZH: 每个人都有睡觉的权利，夜长梦多是很正常的。
EN: Everyone has the right to sleep, and it's normal to have many dreams in the long night.
ZH: 我常常觉得夜长梦多，睡不好觉。
EN: I often feel like I have too many dreams in the long night and can't sleep well.
ZH: 夜晚的太阳快升起了，夜长梦多的时候也要收场了。
EN: The sun is about to rise in the night, it's time to end the long night of many dreams.
ZH: 梦是无法控制的，夜长梦多更是如此。
EN: Dreams are uncontrollable, and even more so in the long night of many dreams.
ZH: 夜长梦多可能是我疲惫的原因。
EN: The long night of many dreams may be the reason why I feel tired.
ZH: 夜晚总是特别漫长，夜长梦多。
EN: The night always seems particularly long, with many dreams.
ZH: 你怎样对待夜长梦多？我们需要做些什么？
EN: How do you deal with the long night of many dreams? What should we do?
ZH: 思考过后，夜长梦多并不可怕。
EN: After careful thought, the long night of many dreams is not so scary.
ZH: 如果夜长梦多，我会大声唱歌来它打击。
EN: If there are many dreams in the long night, I will sing loudly to combat them.
ZH: 夜长梦多时候的梦境总是让我觉得不真实。
EN: The dreams in the long night always make me feel unreal.
ZH: 没有什么比夜长梦多更让人困惑的了。
EN: Nothing is more confusing than the long night of many dreams.
ZH: 夜长梦多的时候，我总是期待天亮。
EN: When there are many dreams in the long night, I always look forward to dawn.
ZH: 有时夜长梦多，醒来后还会感到恐惧。
EN: Sometimes there are many dreams in the long night, and waking up can be frightening.
ZH: 难以入眠时，夜长梦多也许是我心情的反映。
EN: When it's hard to fall asleep, the long night of many dreams may be a reflection of my mood.
ZH: 夜晚的时候，夜长梦多也会成为我心灵的寄托。
EN: At night, the long night of many dreams also becomes a solace for my soul.
ZH: 记得，夜长梦多不要成为你的困惑。
EN: Remember, the long night of many dreams should not become a source of confusion for you.
