ZH: 这个行业的大佬都聚集在这个会议上。
EN: The bigwigs of this industry are all gathered at this conference.

ZH: 我们得向大佬请教一下，这个问题该怎么解决。
EN: We need to consult with the boss on how to solve this issue.

ZH: 这家公司的大佬都是经验丰富的老前辈。
EN: The bosses of this company are all experienced elders.

ZH: 要想在这个领域有所作为，必须得得到行业大佬的认可。
EN: If you want to make a name for yourself in this field, you need to earn the respect of the industry bigwigs.

ZH: 大佬们很少在公共场合展示自己的实力。
EN: The big shots rarely display their power in public.

ZH: 这个项目的成功全靠大佬们的支持。
EN: The success of this project is all thanks to the support of the bigwigs.

ZH: 大佬们的话语往往具有相当的影响力。
EN: The words of the big shots often carry a lot of weight.

ZH: 只有大佬们之间的合作，才能将这个项目进行到底。
EN: Only through collaboration between the big shots can this project be brought to completion.

ZH: 这次谈判的结果将由大佬们决定。
EN: The outcome of this negotiation will be decided by the bigwigs.

ZH: 如果你想在这个行业混得风生水起，最好能得到大佬的赏识。
EN: If you want to thrive in this industry, it is best to earn the appreciation of the big shots.

ZH: 大佬的决策往往会影响整个行业。
EN: The decisions made by the bigwigs often have a significant impact on the entire industry.

ZH: 这次会议的主要议题是听取大佬们的建议。
EN: The main agenda of this meeting is to listen to the suggestions of the big shots.

ZH: 只有得到大佬们的帮助，我们才有可能成功。
EN: Only with the help of the big shots do we have a chance at success.

ZH: 这个项目的失败要归咎于大佬们的疏漏。
EN: The failure of this project can be attributed to the oversight of the bigwigs.

ZH: 大佬们对于新技术的推广都非常重视。
EN: The big shots place great importance on the promotion of new technologies.

ZH: 这位企业家被业内人士誉为商界大佬。
EN: This entrepreneur is hailed as a big shot in the business world by industry insiders.

ZH: 大佬们的慷慨解困解了许多企业的困境。
EN: The generosity of the bigwigs has helped many companies out of difficulty.

ZH: 只有大佬们才有能力让这个公司重上巅峰。
EN: Only the big shots have the capability to bring this company back to the top.

ZH: 大佬们的支持让我们倍感鼓舞。
EN: The support of the bigwigs has greatly encouraged us.

ZH: 在这个行业，只有向大佬看齐才能立于不败之地。
EN: In this industry, only by emulating the bigwigs can one stand undefeated.
