ZH: 如果你错过了火车，大不了坐下一班。
EN: If you miss the train, it's no big deal, you can just take the next one.

ZH: 大不了我明天请假，今天我也要去看音乐会。
EN: If worst comes to worst, I'll take a day off tomorrow, I still want to go to the concert today.

ZH: 大不了我再买一瓶水，不用为这个烦恼。
EN: It's no big deal, I'll just buy another bottle of water, no need to worry about it.

ZH: 如果我失败了，大不了我再从头开始。
EN: If I fail, I can always start over, it's no big deal.

ZH: 大不了我们迟到了，但是我们还是能参加晚宴的。
EN: Even if we are late, it's no big deal, we can still attend the dinner party.

ZH: 明天下雨也没关系，大不了我们在家看电影。
EN: It's okay if it rains tomorrow, we can just stay at home and watch a movie.

ZH: 大不了改变计划，我们可以去别的地方玩。
EN: If needed, we can change the plan, we can go somewhere else for fun.

ZH: 如果不开车，大不了我们打车回家。
EN: If we can't drive, it's no big deal, we can just take a taxi back home.

ZH: 大不了我们今天就去超市，明天再去购物中心。
EN: It's no big deal if we go to the supermarket today, we can go to the shopping mall tomorrow.

ZH: 我体力不好，大不了我们坐缆车上山。
EN: If I don't have enough physical strength, it's no big deal, we can take a cable car up the mountain.

ZH: 大不了我们临时改变计划，稍后再去那家餐厅。
EN: It's no big deal if we change the plan last minute, we can go to that restaurant later.

ZH: 昨天我弄丢了钥匙，大不了我找个师傅来开锁。
EN: Yesterday I lost my keys, it's no big deal, I can find a locksmith to open the door.

ZH: 如果我没有问清楚，大不了我再向老师请教。
EN: If I didn't ask clearly, it's no big deal, I can consult the teacher again.

ZH: 大不了我们取消这次旅行，改成宅在家里休息。
EN: It's no big deal if we cancel this trip, we can just stay at home and relax.

ZH: 如果我不确定答案，大不了我去图书馆查资料。
EN: If I'm unsure of the answer, it's no big deal, I can go to the library and look up information.

ZH: 大不了我们买不到票，我们可以在家看比赛直播。
EN: If we can't buy tickets, it's no big deal, we can just watch the live broadcast of the game at home.

ZH: 如果我们赶不上飞机，大不了我们改签下一班。
EN: If we miss the flight, it's no big deal, we can just reschedule for the next one.

ZH: 大不了我们打车去机场，省得折腾搭公交。
EN: It's no big deal, we can just take a taxi to the airport instead of bothering with public transportation.

ZH: 如果我们迷路了，大不了我们问路人。
EN: If we get lost, it's no big deal, we can just ask someone for directions.

ZH: 大不了我们多花点钱，我还是要买这件衣服。
EN: It's no big deal if we spend a little more money, I still want to buy this clothing.
