ZH: 全国政府正在大展宏图，努力改善经济状况。
EN: The national government is making great plans to improve the economic situation.

ZH: 公司计划大展宏图，在未来五年内扩大业务规模。
EN: The company plans to make great plans to expand its business in the next five years.

ZH: 我们希望在这个项目上大展宏图，实现更多的创新和突破。
EN: We hope to make great plans on this project, achieving more innovation and breakthroughs.

ZH: 政府在环境保护方面大展宏图，希望减少污染和垃圾。
EN: The government is making great plans in environmental protection, hoping to reduce pollution and waste.

ZH: 这个国家正大展宏图，希望成为全球经济强国。
EN: This country is making great plans, hoping to become a global economic power.

ZH: 公司董事会宣布了一个大展宏图的战略计划，以提高盈利能力。
EN: The company's board of directors announced a strategic plan for great plans to improve profitability.

ZH: 城市规划者正在为未来投资做大展宏图。
EN: City planners are making great plans for future investments.

ZH: 这个团队有很多的理念，他们正在大展宏图，创造未来的成功。
EN: This team has a lot of ideas, they are making great plans to create future success.

ZH: 我们的公司领导者正在大展宏图，努力提高员工的福利和生活质量。
EN: Our company leaders are making great plans to improve employee welfare and quality of life.

ZH: 这个团队正在紧锣密鼓地大展宏图，准备迎接挑战。
EN: This team is making great plans in full swing, preparing to face challenges.

ZH: 政府已经发布了一个大展宏图的国家发展规划，旨在促进经济增长。
EN: The government has released a national development plan for great plans aimed at promoting economic growth.

ZH: 公司在未来五年内将大展宏图，为市场开拓新领域。
EN: The company will make great plans in the next five years to explore new markets.

ZH: 这个新项目的计划是大展宏图，试图改变行业现有的模式。
EN: The plan for this new project is to make great plans, attempting to change the existing industry model.

ZH: 我们需要创新精神和胆识，才能大展宏图，实现梦想。
EN: We need innovation and courage to make great plans and achieve our dreams.

ZH: 在这个领域我们必须大展宏图，展示我们的专业能力。
EN: In this field, we must make great plans to showcase our professional capabilities.

ZH: 所有员工都将团结一致，大展宏图，共同实现公司的目标。
EN: All employees will unite and make great plans to achieve the company's goals.

ZH: 我们的目标是大展宏图，成为这个行业的领军者。
EN: Our goal is to make great plans and become a leader in this industry.

ZH: 他们正计划大展宏图，推出一系列新产品以满足市场需求。
EN: They are planning to make great plans, launching a series of new products to meet market demand.

ZH: 这个城市的规划者正在大展宏图，打造更美好的生活环境。
EN: The city planners are making great plans to create a better living environment.
