ZH: 这款手机和上一代相比，功能大同小异。
EN: The functions of this phone are similar to those of the previous generation, with only minor differences.

ZH: 这两种方案在设计上大同小异。
EN: There are only slight differences in design between these two solutions.

ZH: 他的新作和以往的作品大同小异。
EN: His new work is not much different from his previous pieces.

ZH: 这两个品牌的产品大同小异，难以取舍。
EN: The products from these two brands are so similar that it's hard to decide which one to choose.

ZH: 这兩個城市的建築格局大同小异。
EN: The architectural layout of these two cities is quite similar, with only minor differences.

ZH: 这两个地方的风土人情大同小异。
EN: The customs and traditions of these two places are quite similar, with only minor differences.

ZH: 这两个品牌的价位大同小异。
EN: There isn't much difference in price between these two brands.

ZH: 这两部电影情节大同小异，都是关于爱情的故事。
EN: The plots of these two movies are quite similar, both being love stories.

ZH: 这两个戏剧演出的内容大同小异。
EN: The content of these two theater performances is quite similar, with only minor differences.

ZH: 这两个菜系的烹饪方式大同小异。
EN: The cooking methods of these two cuisines are quite similar, with only minor differences.

ZH: 这两位作家的写作风格大同小异。
EN: The writing styles of these two authors are quite similar, with only minor differences.

ZH: 这两辆车的外观大同小异。
EN: There are only slight differences in the appearance of these two cars.

ZH: 这两个项目的目标大同小异。
EN: The objectives of these two projects are quite similar, with only minor differences.

ZH: 这两种药物的功效大同小异。
EN: There are only slight differences in the effectiveness of these two medications.

ZH: 这两个国家的政治制度大同小异。
EN: The political systems of these two countries are quite similar, with only minor differences.

ZH: 这两个产品的用途大同小异。
EN: There are only slight differences in the uses of these two products.

ZH: 这两个人的性格大同小异。
EN: The personalities of these two people are quite similar, with only minor differences.

ZH: 这两个班级的学生水平大同小异。
EN: The academic levels of the students in these two classes are quite similar, with only minor differences.

ZH: 这两个城市的旅游景点大同小异。
EN: The tourist attractions in these two cities are quite similar, with only minor differences.

ZH: 这两位演员的表演风格大同小异。
EN: The performance styles of these two actors are quite similar, with only minor differences.
