ZH: 他在会议上大放厥词，却没有实际行动。
EN: He talked big at the meeting but didn't take any real action.

ZH: 这个销售员大放厥词说产品的效果非常好。
EN: The salesperson boasted about the great effectiveness of the product.

ZH: 他总是喜欢大放厥词来吸引别人的注意力。
EN: He always likes to exaggerate in order to get attention.

ZH: 她对自己的能力大放厥词，说可以解决任何问题。
EN: She talks big about her abilities, claiming she can solve any problem.

ZH: 这位政客在选举时大放厥词，却没有实际的解决方案。
EN: This politician made grand promises during the election but had no real solutions.

ZH: 他喜欢在社交媒体上大放厥词，却不愿意承担责任。
EN: He enjoys bragging on social media but is unwilling to take responsibility.

ZH: 老板大放厥词说公司将获得巨大的成功。
EN: The boss boasted that the company would achieve great success.

ZH: 这个演讲者大放厥词，说他能改变世界。
EN: The speaker bragged, claiming he could change the world.

ZH: 他在比赛前大放厥词，说一定会赢得冠军。
EN: He talked big before the competition, saying he would definitely win the championship.

ZH: 这个房产中介大放厥词，宣称这是市区最好的房子。
EN: The real estate agent exaggerated, claiming it was the best house in the city.

ZH: 那个小偷大放厥词，说他是个无敌的盗贼。
EN: The thief boasted, saying he was an invincible thief.

ZH: 他总是大放厥词，但从不付诸行动。
EN: He always talks big but never follows through with action.

ZH: 这个领导在会议上大放厥词，却没有提出实际解决方案。
EN: The leader spoke grandly at the meeting but didn't propose any practical solutions.

ZH: 那个艺人喜欢大放厥词，说他是最伟大的演员。
EN: The performer likes to boast, claiming he is the greatest actor.

ZH: 他经常大放厥词来夸大自己的成就。
EN: He often talks big to exaggerate his achievements.

ZH: 这家公司在广告中大放厥词，夸大产品的价值。
EN: This company exaggerates in advertisements, inflating the value of their products.

ZH: 她大放厥词说已经找到了全球最好的合作伙伴。
EN: She boasted, claiming to have found the best partner worldwide.

ZH: 那个销售员总是大放厥词，夸大产品的独特之处。
EN: The salesperson always talks big, exaggerating the uniqueness of the product.

ZH: 这个运动员在采访中大放厥词，说他是历史上最优秀的选手之一。
EN: The athlete boasted during the interview, claiming to be one of the best players in history.

ZH: 这部电影的宣传海报大放厥词，夸大了剧情的精彩程度。
EN: The promotional poster for this movie talks big, exaggerating the excitement of the plot.
