ZH: 政府制定了一项大政方针，以解决社会不平等问题。
EN: The government has set a major policy direction to address social inequality.

ZH: 欧洲联盟领导人正在就一项大政方针达成共识。
EN: European Union leaders are reaching consensus on a major policy direction.

ZH: 这个国家的大政方针是发展经济，提高人民生活水平。
EN: The major policy direction of this country is to develop the economy and improve the standard of living.

ZH: 改革开放以来，中国已经实行了多项大政方针。
EN: Since the reform and opening up, China has implemented several major policy directions.

ZH: 这个国家的大政方针是走向绿色可持续发展。
EN: The major policy direction of this country is to move towards green sustainable development.

ZH: 未来几年内，公司将按照新的大政方针进行发展。
EN: In the coming years, the company will develop according to the new major policy direction.

ZH: 为了实现繁荣发展，政府必须制定一项新的大政方针。
EN: In order to achieve prosperity, the government must formulate a new major policy direction.

ZH: 现在是时候重新审视我们的大政方针，以便更好地应对现实挑战。
EN: It is time to reexamine our major policy direction in order to better address the challenges of reality.

ZH: 他们正在讨论一个新的大政方针，以应对全球气候变化问题。
EN: They are discussing a new major policy direction to address global climate change issues.

ZH: 这份报告提出了一些制定大政方针的建议。
EN: The report puts forward some suggestions for formulating major policy directions.

ZH: 这项改革的目标是确立一个新的大政方针。
EN: The goal of this reform is to establish a new major policy direction.

ZH: 他提出了一个新的大政方针，旨在促进经济增长和人民福祉。
EN: He proposed a new major policy direction aimed at promoting economic growth and people's well-being.

ZH: 学术界对政府的大政方针提出了很多批评和建议。
EN: The academic community has raised many criticisms and suggestions on the government's major policy direction.

ZH: 大政方针的制定需要充分考虑社会各界的意见和利益。
EN: The formulation of major policy directions needs to take into account the opinions and interests of all sectors of society.

ZH: 整个国家正朝着一个新的大政方针迈进。
EN: The entire country is moving towards a new major policy direction.

ZH: 这个新法案对减贫有着很大的政治方针。
EN: This new law has a major policy direction on poverty reduction.

ZH: 中央政府已经确定了一个重要的大政方针，以推动经济发展。
EN: The central government has identified a key major policy direction to drive economic development.

ZH: 这项政策的推行意味着国家的大政方针正在发生变化。
EN: The implementation of this policy signifies a change in the country's major policy direction.

ZH: 领导人将在未来的会议上讨论下一个大政方针。
EN: Leaders will discuss the next major policy direction at future meetings.

ZH: 中国政府正在制定一项全面推进大政方针。
EN: The Chinese government is formulating a comprehensive advance major policy direction.
