ZH: 当我听到她受伤的消息时，我感到大惊失色。
EN: I was shocked and horrified when I heard about her injury.

ZH: 他看到那只蜘蛛时，大惊失色，立即跳了起来。
EN: He was startled and jumped up when he saw the spider.

ZH: 她听到那个令人震惊的消息，脸色大惊失色。
EN: Her face turned pale when she heard the shocking news.

ZH: 当她看到那个恐怖的画面时，她彻底大惊失色。
EN: She was completely shocked when she saw the horrifying scene.

ZH: 他看到那个巨大的蛇，顿时大惊失色，无法动弹。
EN: He was petrified and couldn't move when he saw the enormous snake.

ZH: 这个小孩听到雷声时，大惊失色，哭了起来。
EN: The child was frightened and started crying when he heard the thunder.

ZH: 她看到那个怪物时，立即大惊失色，尖叫着逃走了。
EN: She was startled and screamed as she saw the monster, running away immediately.

ZH: 他戴上那个面具后，人们都大惊失色，以为他变成了一只怪兽。
EN: People were shocked when he put on the mask, thinking he had transformed into a monster.

ZH: 当她看到那个吓人的变装时，她的朋友都大惊失色，无法相信她的眼睛。
EN: Her friends were astounded and couldn't believe their eyes when they saw her terrifying costume.

ZH: 在电影中惊人的转折时，观众大惊失色，屏住了呼吸。
EN: The audience was stunned and held their breath during the amazing plot twist in the movie.

ZH: 那场火灾的规模让所有人都大惊失色。
EN: The scale of the fire shocked everyone.

ZH: 当他们发现房子被洪水淹没时，他们大惊失色。
EN: They were shocked when they discovered their house was flooded.

ZH: 当他们亲眼目睹车祸时，他们都大惊失色。
EN: They all gasped in shock when they witnessed the car accident.

ZH: 当他们知道那位著名明星入狱时，大家都大惊失色。
EN: Everyone was shocked when they learned the famous celebrity had been imprisoned.

ZH: 那个小偷被抓住时，他的同伙大惊失色，立即逃走了。
EN: The thief's accomplice was shocked and immediately fled when he was caught.

ZH: 当他们发现房间被抢劫时，他们都大惊失色。
EN: They were all shocked when they discovered the room had been robbed.

ZH: 当他们听见爆炸声时，所有人都大惊失色，赶紧躲避。
EN: Everyone was shocked when they heard the explosion and quickly took cover.

ZH: 那个小孩看到妈妈受伤时，大惊失色，立即找人帮忙。
EN: The child was shocked and immediately sought help when he saw his mother injured.

ZH: 当他们看到那个奇怪的生物时，大家都大惊失色，不知所措。
EN: Everyone was shocked and at a loss when they saw the strange creature.

ZH: 他们在森林中迷路时，大家都大惊失色，开始恐慌。
EN: They were all shocked and started to panic when they got lost in the forest.
