ZH: 他是个有大才能的设计师，但总是大材小用。
EN: He is a very talented designer, but he always squanders his talents on trivial tasks.

ZH: 这件精美的艺术品被用在了公共厕所里，真是大材小用。
EN: This exquisite piece of art is being used in a public restroom, what a waste of talent.

ZH: 不要把你的大能力浪费在了这个小地方，那会是大材小用。
EN: Don't waste your great abilities in this small place, it would be squandering your talent.

ZH: 当年他是一位状元，现在却只是被人家大材小用。
EN: He was once a top scholar, but now he is being underutilized by others.

ZH: 那个有天赋的歌手却只是在卡拉ok里唱歌，真是大材小用。
EN: That talented singer is just singing in karaoke bars, what a waste of talent.

ZH: 他有很多好的想法，可他老是大材小用。
EN: He has many good ideas, but he always squanders them on trivial things.

ZH: 别再把那些能力浪费在这些小事上，那是大材小用。
EN: Don't waste those abilities on these small things, it's squandering your talent.

ZH: 公司里有很多人才，却总是大材小用。
EN: There are many talents in the company, but they are always underutilized.

ZH: 这位天才画家竟然只画了一幅画，真是大材小用。
EN: This genius painter only painted one picture, what a waste of talent.

ZH: 他是一名优秀的工程师，却只负责做些琐碎的事情，大材小用。
EN: He is a great engineer, but he is only assigned to do trivial tasks, such a waste of talent.

ZH: 那位聪明的领导者却总是在处理些无关紧要的事情，真是大材小用。
EN: That intelligent leader is always dealing with trivial matters, what a waste of talent.

ZH: 这份工作对他来说太简单了，简直是大材小用。
EN: This job is too easy for him, it's really a waste of talent.

ZH: 这个有天赋的演员被安排在一个小舞台上演出，大材小用。
EN: This talented actor is being assigned to perform on a small stage, what a waste of talent.

ZH: 将这位语言专家分配到保安部门真是大材小用。
EN: Assigning this language expert to the security department is really underutilizing their talents.

ZH: 他的能力很强，可总是被要求做一些琐碎的小事情，真是大材小用。
EN: He has great abilities, but he is always asked to do trivial tasks, such a waste of talent.

ZH: 那个有才华的作家只能写一些简单的广告词，大材小用。
EN: That talented writer is only able to write simple advertising copy, what a waste of talent.

ZH: 这位天才设计师却只是被安排画些无聊的插图，大材小用。
EN: This genius designer is only assigned to draw boring illustrations, what a waste of talent.

ZH: 那些年轻有为的员工总是被安排做一些琐碎的事情，大材小用。
EN: Those young and talented employees are always assigned to do trivial tasks, what a waste of talent.

ZH: 我们应该珍惜每个人的才能，不要让他们大材小用。
EN: We should cherish everyone's talents and not squander them on trivial tasks.
