ZH: 他经历了一场车祸，但是大难不死，很幸运。
EN: He was in a car accident, but he survived the ordeal, very lucky.

ZH: 在那场大火之中，有人大难不死，但也有人不幸遇难。
EN: In the midst of the fire, some people survived the ordeal, but others unfortunately perished.

ZH: 虽然他被困在雪山上很久，但最终大难不死，被救出来了。
EN: Although he was stranded on the snowy mountain for a long time, he ultimately survived the ordeal and was rescued.

ZH: 这次地震造成了许多伤亡，但也有一些幸运的人大难不死。
EN: The earthquake caused a lot of casualties, but there were also some lucky people who survived the ordeal.

ZH: 尽管房屋坍塌，但是其中有些人大难不死，侥幸活了下来。
EN: Despite the collapse of the buildings, some people survived the ordeal and managed to stay alive.

ZH: 在海难中，他们的船只遭遇了巨浪，但是大难不死，成功获救。
EN: In the maritime disaster, their boat encountered huge waves, but they survived the ordeal and were successfully rescued.

ZH: 尽管经历了一次飓风，但是这艘船的船员们大难不死。
EN: Despite facing a hurricane, the crew members of this ship survived the ordeal.

ZH: 他们被困在雨林深处，但最终大难不死，被寻获。
EN: They were trapped deep in the rainforest, but ultimately survived the ordeal and were found.

ZH: 虽然受了重伤，但是他终究大难不死，逃过一劫。
EN: Despite being seriously injured, he ultimately survived the ordeal and escaped.

ZH: 在这次航空事故中，有些乘客大难不死，幸运地安然无恙。
EN: In this aviation accident, some passengers survived the ordeal and miraculously emerged unscathed.

ZH: 在火灾中，大部分人都未能逃脱，但是幸运的一些人大难不死。
EN: In the fire, most people did not escape, but some lucky ones survived the ordeal.

ZH: 这座山峰地质不稳定，但他们却大难不死，成功登顶。
EN: The mountain peak had unstable geology, but they survived the ordeal and successfully reached the summit.

ZH: 虽然感染了重病，但他最终大难不死，康复了。
EN: Despite contracting a serious illness, he ultimately survived the ordeal and recovered.

ZH: 遭遇了恶劣的天气，但他们大难不死，顺利完成了探险。
EN: They faced severe weather conditions, but they survived the ordeal and successfully completed the expedition.

ZH: 在这次意外中，车辆突然爆胎，但司机大难不死，虽然受了点轻伤。
EN: In this accident, the vehicle suddenly had a blowout, but the driver survived the ordeal, although with minor injuries.

ZH: 尽管行驶过程中遭遇了路障，司机还是大难不死，幸运地躲过一劫。
EN: Despite encountering road obstacles during the journey, the driver survived the ordeal and luckily evaded the danger.

ZH: 受困在沙漠中，他们面临着缺水和高温的考验，但最终他们大难不死，得以生还。
EN: Trapped in the desert, they faced the tests of water scarcity and high temperatures, but in the end, they survived the ordeal and managed to survive.

ZH: 在这次山洪暴发中，许多人失踪，但有幸的一些人大难不死，得以生还。
EN: In this flash flood, many people went missing, but some lucky individuals survived the ordeal and managed to survive.

ZH: 虽然被洪水困住，但是他最终还是大难不死，被冲到岸上。
EN: Despite being trapped by the floodwaters, he ultimately survived the ordeal and was washed ashore.

ZH: 在这次强烈地震中，房屋纷纷坍塌，但还是有些人大难不死。
EN: In this strong earthquake, houses collapsed one after another, but some people still survived the ordeal.
