ZH: 今天我们原本想去郊外野餐，可惜天不作美，只好取消了。
EN: We planned to have a picnic in the countryside today, but unfortunately the weather didn't cooperate and we had to cancel.

ZH: 昨天我打算去爬山，结果天不作美，只能改为在家看书。
EN: I planned to go hiking yesterday, but the weather didn't cooperate, so I stayed home and read instead.

ZH: 比赛的日子天不作美，雨下了一整天。
EN: The day of the competition was marred by bad weather, as it rained all day.

ZH: 我们原本计划到海边晒太阳，却没想到天不作美，乌云密布。
EN: We planned to go to the beach to sunbathe, but to our disappointment, the sky was overcast.

ZH: 他们准备举办露天音乐会，没想到天不作美，雷阵雨让他们只好取消了。
EN: They were planning to hold an outdoor concert, but the weather didn't cooperate and a thunderstorm forced them to cancel.

ZH: 明天本该是美好的一天，不过如果天不作美的话，可能就要改变计划了。
EN: Tomorrow was supposed to be a beautiful day, but if the weather doesn't cooperate, we might have to change our plans.

ZH: 参加户外婚礼的人可能担心天不作美，因为一场大雨能让一切都泡汤。
EN: People attending an outdoor wedding may worry about the weather not cooperating, as a heavy rain could ruin everything.

ZH: 夏天的台风季节，天气常常不作美，很容易影响到人们的生活。
EN: During the typhoon season in summer, the weather often doesn't cooperate, easily affecting people's daily lives.

ZH: 每当我计划出行时，总有天气不作美的时候，好像是在考验我。
EN: Whenever I plan to travel, there always seems to be bad weather, as if it's testing me.

ZH: 他们原本计划去郊游，可是天不作美，只好作罢。
EN: They planned to go on an outing, but the weather didn't cooperate, so they had to give up.

ZH: 周末的野外烧烤计划因为天不作美被迫取消。
EN: The weekend barbecue in the countryside had to be canceled due to the uncooperative weather.

ZH: 走在街上，突然夹着一场冰雹，真是天不作美。
EN: Walking on the street, suddenly encountering hail, the uncooperative weather is truly disappointing.

ZH: 他很喜欢钓鱼，可是每次出去的时候天不作美，总是下雨。
EN: He loves fishing, but every time he goes out, the weather doesn't cooperate and it rains.

ZH: 我们原本要去登山，但不幸的是天不作美，山上大雾弥漫。
EN: We were going to go hiking, but unfortunately, the weather didn't cooperate and there was thick fog on the mountain.

ZH: 昨晚的月食天不作美，云层太厚，看不到月亮。
EN: Last night's lunar eclipse was marred by bad weather, the clouds were too thick to see the moon.

ZH: 看看外面的大雨，真是天不作美，出门简直成了一种困难。
EN: Look at the heavy rain outside, truly uncooperative weather, going out has become a challenge.

ZH: 每次出门办事，都遇上天气不作美，好不烦人。
EN: Every time I go out to run errands, I encounter uncooperative weather, it's really annoying.

ZH: 这场比赛原本规划在露天球场，可惜天不作美，只好改到室内进行。
EN: The game was originally planned to be held on an outdoor court, but unfortunately the weather didn't cooperate, so it had to be moved indoors.

ZH: 他喜欢在室外散步，天气不作美时就只能在家里打卡。
EN: He enjoys walking outdoors, but when the weather doesn't cooperate, he can only check in at home.

ZH: 春游计划因为天不作美而推迟，可能过些日子才能实现。
EN: The spring outing plan was postponed due to uncooperative weather, it might take a few more days to realize.
