ZH: 我在会议上不小心失言了。
EN: I accidentally said something inappropriate during the meeting.

ZH: 他在采访中失言了，引起了争议。
EN: He made an inappropriate remark during the interview, causing controversy.

ZH: 她经常因为失言而被别人误解。
EN: She is often misunderstood because of her careless words.

ZH: 我很后悔当时失言了。
EN: I deeply regret what I said at that time.

ZH: 大家对他的失言感到非常愤怒。
EN: Everyone is very angry with his careless words.

ZH: 同事们说他是因为失言而招致了公众的批评。
EN: Colleagues said he invited public criticism because of his inappropriate remarks.

ZH: 这名政治家因为一次失言而付出了职位的代价。
EN: This politician paid the price for his slip of the tongue.

ZH: 学校对学生的失言行为采取了严厉的处罚。
EN: The school imposed severe punishment for the student's inappropriate words.

ZH: 这位明星的一次失言导致了巨大的道歉风波。
EN: A celebrity's casual remark led to a major apology wave.

ZH: 当他失言时，他的候选人形象大受影响。
EN: His candidate image was greatly affected when he slipped up with his words.

ZH: 他因为在社交媒体上失言而受到了封禁。
EN: He was banned due to his inappropriate remarks on social media.

ZH: 这位名人在电视节目中失言，引发了极大的争议。
EN: This celebrity's slip of the tongue on a TV show sparked a huge controversy.

ZH: 记者遭到猛烈批评，因为在采访中失言。
EN: The journalist faced intense criticism for making an inappropriate remark during the interview.

ZH: 公司因为高管的失言致使股价下跌。
EN: The company's stock price dropped due to the executive's careless words.

ZH: 这位演讲者的失言导致了演讲会上的尴尬气氛。
EN: The speaker's slip of the tongue led to an awkward atmosphere at the conference.

ZH: 他的一句失言惹恼了所有的观众。
EN: All the viewers were annoyed by his one careless word.

ZH: 这位教授因为在课堂上失言，被要求向学生道歉。
EN: The professor was asked to apologize to the students for his slip of the tongue in the classroom.

ZH: 这部电影因为一句失言而引起了宣传上的麻烦。
EN: This movie caused promotional trouble due to a slip of the tongue.

ZH: 这家媒体因为新闻报道中的失言，受到了严厉抨击。
EN: This media outlet faced severe criticism for the slip of the tongue in their news report.

ZH: 这位演员因为在采访中的失言而被取消了参演的机会。
EN: This actor lost the opportunity to participate in the film due to an inappropriate remark during the interview.
