ZH: 这个问题太难了，我没有头绪。
EN: This problem is too difficult, I have no clue.

ZH: 我已经找了很久，对于他的失踪还是没有任何头绪。
EN: I've been searching for a long time, but I still have no clue about his disappearance.

ZH: 看到这堆杂乱的文件，我根本就找不到任何头绪。
EN: Looking at this pile of messy documents, I can't find any clue at all.

ZH: 他的行为非常诡异，让我完全摸不透头绪。
EN: His behavior is very strange, and it completely baffles me.

ZH: 我虽然知道有事情发生了，但是对具体细节还一点头绪都没有。
EN: Although I know something happened, I have no clue about the specific details.

ZH: 我不知道从哪个方面着手，所以还没有任何头绪。
EN: I don't know where to start, so I don't have any clue yet.

ZH: 这个问题太复杂了，我现在还没有找到解决的头绪。
EN: This problem is too complex, and I haven't found any clues to solve it yet.

ZH: 尽管我努力思考，但是对于这个问题还是一点头绪都没有。
EN: Despite my efforts to think, I still have no clue about this problem.

ZH: 在找到线索之前，我们对谁是凶手的头绪都没有。
EN: We have no clues about who the murderer is until we find some evidence.

ZH: 虽然我们调查了很多人，但还是没有找到任何头绪。
EN: Although we have investigated many people, we still haven't found any leads.

ZH: 请给我一些线索，我需要一点头绪来开始调查。
EN: Please give me some clues, I need some leads to start the investigation.

ZH: 别人都纳闷为什么他突然辞职了，但是我从一开始就有点头绪。
EN: While others wondered why he suddenly resigned, I had some clues from the beginning.

ZH: 我听说有人在公司偷了机密文件，但是一点头绪都没有。
EN: I heard that someone stole confidential documents from the company, but I have no clue at all.

ZH: 在解决这个难题之前，我们需要先找到一些头绪。
EN: Before solving this puzzle, we need to find some clues first.

ZH: 我们已经花了很多时间，但还是没有任何头绪。
EN: We have spent a lot of time, but still have no leads.

ZH: 不同的线索逐渐浮出水面，我们开始有了一些头绪。
EN: Different clues gradually emerged, and we began to have some leads.

ZH: 我已经整理好了所有的线索，有了一些头绪。
EN: I have organized all the clues and have some leads.

ZH: 警方正在寻找任何与案件相关的头绪。
EN: The police are looking for any leads related to the case.

ZH: 我们需要更多线索才能找到凶手的头绪。
EN: We need more clues to find leads on the murderer.

ZH: 踏上这个调查的旅程，我暂时还不知道有多少头绪。
EN: Embarking on this investigation journey, I still don't know how many clues there will be.
