ZH: 他一直在城市的各个角落奔走，寻找工作机会。
EN: He has been running around the city, searching for job opportunities.

ZH: 她每天都要奔走于不同的医院，为病人提供治疗。
EN: She has to run between different hospitals every day, providing treatment for patients.

ZH: 这个政治家为了争取选民的支持，不断地奔走于各地。
EN: This politician is constantly running around trying to gain support from voters.

ZH: 他是一个忙碌的商人，经常奔走于国内外的业务会议。
EN: He is a busy businessman who frequently travels to domestic and international business conferences.

ZH: 她为了参加奥运会，付出了很多努力，奔走了许多国家。
EN: She put in a lot of effort and traveled to many countries in order to participate in the Olympic Games.

ZH: 那位教练在场边奔走，指导着球员们的比赛。
EN: The coach ran along the sidelines, instructing the players during the game.

ZH: 在这次疫情期间，许多医护人员奔走在救治患者的一线。
EN: During this epidemic, many medical workers are running around in the frontline of patient treatment.

ZH: 这个社区志愿者经常奔走在社区里，帮助老人们解决问题。
EN: This community volunteer often runs around in the community, helping the elderly solve problems.

ZH: 他奔走在各个展览馆，欣赏着不同的艺术作品。
EN: He ran around different exhibition halls, enjoying various works of art.

ZH: 到了选举季节，政治候选人会不断地奔走于各个选区，拉票争取支持。
EN: During the election season, political candidates will continuously travel around various constituencies, campaigning to gain support.

ZH: 为了实现梦想，他奋斗了十年，奔走在各个国家。
EN: In order to fulfill his dream, he fought for ten years, running around in different countries.

ZH: 在这次自然灾害中，许多救援人员奔走在各个灾区，抢救受灾者。
EN: During this natural disaster, many rescue workers are running around in various disaster-stricken areas, saving the affected people.

ZH: 她为了代表国家参加国际比赛，每天都要奔走在训练场上。
EN: Every day, she runs around on the training field in order to represent her country in international competitions.

ZH: 他奔走在各个大学校园，为自己的公司招聘人才。
EN: He runs around on various university campuses, recruiting talents for his company.

ZH: 这个项目经理整天都在奔走，协调各个部门之间的工作。
EN: This project manager is running around all day, coordinating the work between various departments.

ZH: 在这次空难中，许多救援人员奔走在废墟中，搜寻幸存者。
EN: During this plane crash, many rescue workers were running around in the wreckage, searching for survivors.

ZH: 他奔走于各个艺术家工作室，为自己的画廊寻找新的艺术品。
EN: He runs around various artist studios, looking for new artworks for his gallery.

ZH: 这位记者奔走于各个地方，采访不同的新闻事件。
EN: This journalist runs around different places, interviewing various news events.

ZH: 在这次商务旅行中，他奔走在各个城市，与潜在合作伙伴会面。
EN: During this business trip, he runs around different cities, meeting with potential partners.

ZH: 为了增加销售额，业务员会不断奔走于各个客户，争取订单。
EN: In order to increase sales, the salesperson will continuously run around different clients, striving for orders.
