ZH: 好在我提前起床了，没有迟到。
EN: Luckily, I woke up early and didn't get late.
ZH: 好在他们不再是朋友了，不然他会更加难过。
EN: Thankfully, they are no longer friends, otherwise he would be even sadder.
ZH: 好在你记住了他的电话号码，要不然我们找不到他。
EN: It's a good thing you remembered his phone number, otherwise we wouldn't be able to find him.
ZH: 好在我买了额外的食物，以备不时之需。
EN: Fortunately, I bought extra food, just in case.
ZH: 好在他们有车，否则我们会很难到达那里。
EN: Thankfully, they have a car, otherwise it would be very difficult for us to get there.
ZH: 好在医生说爸爸的病情可以恢复。
EN: Luckily, the doctor said that dad's condition can be restored.
ZH: 好在你们没有错过飞机，否则就要等很长时间了。
EN: It's a good thing you didn't miss the plane, otherwise you would have to wait for a long time.
ZH: 好在电梯及时修好了，不然我们要爬很多楼层。
EN: Fortunately, the elevator was fixed in time, otherwise we would have to climb many floors.
ZH: 好在他们发现了我丢失的钱包，我真是太幸运了。
EN: Luckily, they found my lost wallet, I'm really lucky.
ZH: 好在市场有新鲜蔬菜，我正好需要做晚饭。
EN: Luckily, the market has fresh vegetables, which I happen to need for dinner.
ZH: 好在出租车司机知道这个地方，我们不会迷路。
EN: Thankfully, the taxi driver knows this place, so we won't get lost.
ZH: 好在我父母给我提供了免费的住处，省了很多费用。
EN: It's a good thing my parents provided me with free accommodation, saving me a lot of expenses.
ZH: 好在你提醒我带伞，要不然我会淋湿。
EN: Thankfully, you reminded me to bring an umbrella, otherwise I would have gotten wet.
ZH: 好在我定了两个房间，要不然我们就得挤一起睡了。
EN: It's a good thing I booked two rooms, otherwise we would have had to sleep together.
ZH: 好在你会游泳，否则我们得找救生员。
EN: Luckily, you can swim, otherwise we would have to find a lifeguard.
ZH: 好在他们在路上遇到了我，要不然他们可能迷路了。
EN: Thankfully, they met me on the way, otherwise they might have gotten lost.
ZH: 好在火车不晚点，否则我们会错过转车时间。
EN: Luckily, the train wasn't delayed, otherwise we would have missed the connecting time.
ZH: 好在我带了药，可以缓解我的头痛。
EN: Fortunately, I brought medicine that can relieve my headache.
ZH: 好在他来了通知，要不然我们会对他感到担心。
EN: It's a good thing he came to inform us, otherwise we would have been worried about him.
ZH: 好在我带了地图，我们知道怎么走。
EN: Thankfully, I brought a map so we know how to get there.
ZH: 好在他们同意合作，否则项目可能会失败。
EN: Luckily, they agreed to cooperate, otherwise the project might have failed.
