ZH: 他问了我一个很尴尬的问题，我真的好意思回答。
EN: He asked me a very awkward question, I really didn't know how to answer.

ZH: 你们室友太吵了，你好意思找他们说一下吗？
EN: Your roommates are too loud, do you have the nerve to talk to them about it?

ZH: 大家都等在门口，你怎么还好意思迟到？
EN: Everyone is waiting at the door, how can you still have the audacity to be late?

ZH: 帮忙做这个任务可以吗？我不好意思拒绝。
EN: Can you help me with this task? I don't have the heart to refuse.

ZH: 他借了我的书一年了，怎么好意思不归还呢？
EN: He has borrowed my book for a year, how can he have the nerve not to return it?

ZH: 这对夫妻好意思在公共场合吵架。
EN: This couple has the audacity to argue in public.

ZH: 你这样做真的好意思吗？你毫无道德底线吗？
EN: Do you really have the nerve to do this? Do you have no moral boundary?

ZH: 我们竟然迟到了一个小时，真是好意思！
EN: We were late for an hour, it's really embarrassing!

ZH: 他骗了那么多人的钱，怎么还好意思面对他们？
EN: After cheating so many people out of their money, how can he still have the nerve to face them?

ZH: 这样的小错误，我真的好意思道歉。
EN: It's just a small mistake, I'm truly sorry.

ZH: 你借了我的钱不还，你还好意思跟我要？
EN: You borrowed money from me and haven't returned it, and you still have the nerve to ask me for more?

ZH: 你怎么好意思向老板批评他的决定？
EN: How can you have the audacity to criticize your boss's decision?

ZH: 这种劣质产品，卖家居然好意思标高价！
EN: The seller has the nerve to ask for a high price for this poor-quality product!

ZH: 你居然好意思打扰我休息，我已经很疲惫了！
EN: How dare you disturb me while I'm resting, I'm already exhausted!

ZH: 他做了一件十分无耻的事，还好意思嘲笑别人的错误。
EN: He did something extremely shameless and still had the nerve to mock others' mistakes.

ZH: 你到底还好意思对我撒谎吗？
EN: How can you still have the audacity to lie to me?

ZH: 你迟到这么久还好意思找借口？
EN: You're so late and you still have the nerve to make excuses?

ZH: 那个人很烦人，居然好意思一直缠着我。
EN: That person is so annoying, they have the audacity to keep bothering me.

ZH: 他在大庭广众之下摔了个大跟头，好意思不尴尬吗？
EN: He tripped and fell in front of everyone, how can he not feel embarrassed?

ZH: 老师让你回答问题，你好意思装作不知道吗？
EN: The teacher asked you a question, how can you have the nerve to pretend you don't know?
