ZH: 好歹你得告诉我你在哪里。 (At least you need to tell me where you are.)
EN: At least you should tell me where you are.

ZH: 好歹你得做点儿功课。 (You should at least do some homework.)
EN: You should do some homework at least.

ZH: 好歹他还是个成年人，应该明白自己的责任。 (He is an adult after all, he should understand his responsibilities.)
EN: After all, he is an adult, he should understand his responsibilities.

ZH: 好歹你也应该为自己的错误负责。 (You should at least take responsibility for your mistakes.)
EN: You should take responsibility for your mistakes at least.

ZH: 好歹我们还是老朋友，不能这样不理我。 (We are old friends after all, you shouldn't ignore me like this.)
EN: After all, we are old friends, you shouldn't ignore me like this.

ZH: 好歹你也得给我一个解释。 (You should at least give me an explanation.)
EN: You should give me an explanation at least.

ZH: 好歹明天要准时来上班。 (You must come to work on time tomorrow at least.)
EN: You must come to work on time tomorrow at least.

ZH: 好歹你还是得尊重别人的意见。 (You should still respect others' opinions.)
EN: You should still respect others' opinions.

ZH: 好歹你得努力一下。 (You should at least try harder.)
EN: You should try harder at least.

ZH: 好歹你得找个安全的地方住。 (You should find a safe place to live at least.)
EN: You should find a safe place to live at least.

ZH: 好歹我们也要为自己健康负责。 (We should be responsible for our own health at least.)
EN: We should be responsible for our own health at least.

ZH: 好歹你也要尽力保持一个积极的心态。 (You should at least try to maintain a positive mindset.)
EN: You should try to maintain a positive mindset at least.

ZH: 好歹我们也得尊重他人的隐私。 (We should respect others' privacy at least.)
EN: We should respect others' privacy at least.

ZH: 好歹你也要听听别人的建议。 (You should at least listen to others' advice.)
EN: You should listen to others' advice at least.

ZH: 好歹你也得相信自己。 (You should believe in yourself at least.)
EN: You should believe in yourself at least.

ZH: 好歹你还得谢谢别人的帮助。 (You should still thank others for their help.)
EN: You should still thank others for their help at least.

ZH: 好歹也得尊重一下老人。 (You should respect the elderly at least.)
EN: You should respect the elderly at least.

ZH: 好歹你也得承认自己的错误。 (You should admit your mistakes at least.)
EN: You should admit your mistakes at least.

ZH: 好歹你也得学会原谅别人。 (You should learn to forgive others at least.)
EN: You should learn to forgive others at least.

ZH: 好歹你也得把事情搞清楚。 (You should at least figure out the situation.)
EN: You should figure out the situation at least.
