ZH: 他是个好逸恶劳的人，整天只想着怎么玩。
EN: He is a person who loves leisure and hates labor, always thinking about how to have fun.

ZH: 她太好逸恶劳，连作业都不想做。
EN: She is too fond of leisure and hates labor, she doesn't even want to do homework.

ZH: 那个孩子好逸恶劳，总是让父母担心。
EN: That child is fond of leisure and hates labor, always worrying his parents.

ZH: 那个学生好逸恶劳，总是逃课。
EN: That student loves leisure and hates labor, always skipping class.

ZH: 爷爷说他小时候也是个好逸恶劳的孩子。
EN: Grandpa said he was also a child who loved leisure and hated labor when he was young.

ZH: 哥哥一直是个好逸恶劳的人，从来不肯主动做家务。
EN: My brother has always been a person who loves leisure and hates labor, never willing to do housework voluntarily.

ZH: 她好逸恶劳，连去超市购物都不肯。
EN: She loves leisure and hates labor, not even willing to go shopping at the supermarket.

ZH: 弟弟真是个好逸恶劳的人，整天只想玩游戏。
EN: My younger brother is really a person who loves leisure and hates labor, always wanting to play games.

ZH: 妈妈说我太好逸恶劳，应该多做些力所能及的事。
EN: Mom said I am too fond of leisure and hate labor, I should do more things within my ability.

ZH: 那个员工总是好逸恶劳，不肯加班。
EN: That employee is always fond of leisure and hates labor, unwilling to work overtime.

ZH: 他虽然好逸恶劳，但成绩却非常优秀。
EN: Although he loves leisure and hates labor, his grades are excellent.

ZH: 她是一个好逸恶劳的女孩，不喜欢参加体育活动。
EN: She is a girl who loves leisure and hates labor, not enjoying participating in sports activities.

ZH: 这个员工太好逸恶劳，总是拖延工作。
EN: This employee is too fond of leisure and hates labor, always procrastinating at work.

ZH: 他是一个好逸恶劳的年轻人，从不自觉努力。
EN: He is a young man who loves leisure and hates labor, never striving consciously.

ZH: 那个学生好逸恶劳，总是找各种借口不写作业。
EN: That student loves leisure and hates labor, always finding various excuses not to do homework.

ZH: 这个领导好逸恶劳，让团队成员很不满。
EN: This leader is fond of leisure and hates labor, making team members very dissatisfied.

ZH: 她显然是个好逸恶劳的女孩，看见家务就头疼。
EN: She is obviously a girl who loves leisure and hates labor, having a headache at the sight of housework.

ZH: 他虽然好逸恶劳，但在学术上一直很有成就。
EN: Although he loves leisure and hates labor, he has always been very successful academically.

ZH: 她是个好逸恶劳的人，对健身一点兴趣都没有。
EN: She is a person who loves leisure and hates labor, having no interest in fitness at all.

ZH: 他父亲是个心性好逸恶劳的人，所以他对这个习惯也难以改变。
EN: His father is a person who loves leisure and hates labor, so he also finds it difficult to change this habit.
