ZH: 他的表演如此出色，赢得了观众的喝彩。
EN: His performance was so impressive that it earned him a standing ovation.

ZH: 她的笑容如此灿烂，让人心情也变得愉快起来。
EN: Her smile is so radiant that it brightens up one's mood.

ZH: 这个问题如此复杂，我需要更多时间来研究。
EN: This problem is so complicated that I need more time to research it.

ZH: 他的报告如此详细，没有任何遗漏。
EN: His report is so detailed that nothing was left out.

ZH: 她的口才如此流利，大家都被她的演讲吸引住了。
EN: Her eloquence is so fluent that everyone was captivated by her speech.

ZH: 这部电影如此搞笑，我笑个不停。
EN: This movie is so funny that I can't stop laughing.

ZH: 这个城市的夜景如此美丽，令人陶醉。
EN: The night view of this city is so beautiful that it's enchanting.

ZH: 这件事情的影响如此之大，我们必须采取行动了。
EN: The impact of this matter is so significant that we must take action.

ZH: 这个机器人的功能如此强大，可以完成各种任务。
EN: This robot is so powerful that it can complete various tasks.

ZH: 她的创作才华如此出众，已经成为了艺术界的宠儿。
EN: Her creative talent is so outstanding that she has become the darling of the art world.

ZH: 这座建筑物的设计如此独特，成为了城市的地标。
EN: The design of this building is so unique that it has become a landmark of the city.

ZH: 她的英语水平如此高，能够流利地与外国人交流。
EN: Her English proficiency is so high that she can communicate fluently with foreigners.

ZH: 这首歌的旋律如此动听，深深地触动了我的心。
EN: The melody of this song is so catchy that it deeply touches my heart.

ZH: 这个品牌的商品如此受欢迎，几乎在全球都有销售。
EN: The products of this brand are so popular that they are sold almost worldwide.

ZH: 他的体力如此之好，每天都可以跑长距离。
EN: His physical fitness is so good that he can run long distances every day.

ZH: 这个小镇的环境如此幽静，适合度假休闲。
EN: The environment of this town is so peaceful that it's suitable for vacation and leisure.

ZH: 这本小说的情节如此扣人心弦，让人无法自拔。
EN: The plot of this novel is so gripping that it's hard to put down.

ZH: 这个问题的答案如此简单，我怎么没想到呢？
EN: The answer to this question is so simple that I wonder why I didn't think of it.

ZH: 这个菜的味道如此美味，令人回味无穷。
EN: The taste of this dish is so delicious that it's unforgettable.

ZH: 这个公司的效率如此之高，业务可以很快地处理完。
EN: The efficiency of this company is so high that tasks can be quickly completed.

ZH: 彼得的坚持训练如此之久，终于达到了预期的成果。
EN: Peter's persistent training for so long has finally yielded the expected results.
