ZH: 我的妙想天开让我成功地解决了这个难题。
EN: My wild idea successfully helped me solve this problem.

ZH: 他的妙想天开让整个团队都受益匪浅。
EN: His wild idea brought great benefits to the entire team.

ZH: 这个计划妙想天开，但也许能够成为一种突破性创新。
EN: This plan is wildly imaginative, but it could be a breakthrough innovation.

ZH: 妙想天开的创意总是会给人带来惊喜。
EN: Wildly imaginative ideas always bring surprises.

ZH: 尽管他的主意有些妙想天开，但是我们还是想要试一试。
EN: Despite his wildly imaginative ideas, we still want to give it a try.

ZH: 他总是有着妙想天开的构想，是个很有创意的人。
EN: He always has wildly imaginative ideas and is a very creative person.

ZH: 这个计划太过妙想天开，有点难以置信。
EN: This plan is too wildly imaginative and a bit unbelievable.

ZH: 这个项目需要一些妙想天开的想法来推动发展。
EN: This project needs some wildly imaginative ideas to drive development.

ZH: 创意界需要一些妙想天开的作品来持续创新。
EN: The creative industry needs some wildly imaginative works to continue innovating.

ZH: 要取得成功，必须要有妙想天开的视野。
EN: To succeed, one must have a wildly imaginative vision.

ZH: 他的妙想天开的计划引起了众多的兴趣。
EN: His wildly imaginative plan has sparked a lot of interest.

ZH: 这个方案真是妙想天开，不知道能否成功实现。
EN: This plan is wildly imaginative, I wonder if it can be successfully implemented.

ZH: 这种妙想天开的设想是否会改变整个行业的发展方向？
EN: Will this wildly imaginative idea change the development direction of the entire industry?

ZH: 在创业路上，要有妙想天开的思维来突破困境。
EN: In entrepreneurship, one must have wildly imaginative thinking to break through difficulties.

ZH: 只有妙想天开的人才会在竞争激烈的市场中脱颖而出。
EN: Only wildly imaginative people will stand out in a competitive market.

ZH: 这个计划本身就很妙想天开，但要成功实现还需要很多努力。
EN: This plan itself is wildly imaginative, but it will require a lot of effort to successfully implement.

ZH: 妙想天开的创意往往能够带来新的发展机遇。
EN: Wildly imaginative ideas often bring new development opportunities.

ZH: 他的妙想天开的构想令人惊叹不已。
EN: His wildly imaginative idea is truly breathtaking.

ZH: 技术的不断更新需要妙想天开的方案来应对。
EN: The continuous update of technology requires wildly imaginative solutions to cope with.

ZH: 要实现公司的长期发展，需要妙想天开的战略规划。
EN: To achieve the long-term development of the company, wildly imaginative strategic planning is needed.
