ZH: 这个领导一直采取姑息养奸的政策，导致了部门内部的腐败问题越来越严重。
EN: This leader has been adopting a policy of turning a blind eye to corruption, which has led to increasingly severe issues within the department.

ZH: 公司的管理层不能再忽视员工的违规行为，否则就是在姑息养奸。
EN: The company's management cannot continue to ignore the employees' misconduct, as that would be tantamount to condoning it.

ZH: 政府对于环境污染问题一向姑息养奸，终究会遭到公众的谴责。
EN: The government's practice of turning a blind eye to environmental pollution will eventually be condemned by the public.

ZH: 学校的纪律松懈，导致了学生们恶劣行为的增多，就是在姑息养奸。
EN: The lax discipline in the school has led to an increase in students' misconduct, which is essentially condoning it.

ZH: 只有严格执法，才能杜绝姑息养奸的现象。
EN: Only strict enforcement of the law can eliminate the practice of turning a blind eye to wrongdoing.

ZH: 这种姑息养奸的做法违背了法治精神。
EN: This practice of condoning wrongdoing goes against the spirit of the rule of law.

ZH: 老师要及时制止学生的不良行为，不能采取姑息养奸的态度。
EN: Teachers should intervene promptly in students' misconduct and not adopt a policy of turning a blind eye.

ZH: 姑息养奸只会让问题越来越严重，必须果断制止。
EN: Condoning wrongdoing will only make the problem worse, and decisive action must be taken to stop it.

ZH: 作为领导者，不能对下属的错误行为姑息养奸。
EN: As leaders, we must not tolerate our subordinates' misconduct.

ZH: 让问题继续存在并不是解决问题的方法，这样只是在姑息养奸。
EN: Allowing problems to persist is not a solution; it is simply condoning them.

ZH: 只有明确表示零容忍，才能遏制姑息养奸的现象。
EN: Only by clearly stating zero tolerance can we curb the practice of turning a blind eye to wrongdoing.

ZH: 不得不承认，一味的姑息养奸只会导致更大的麻烦。
EN: It must be admitted that simply turning a blind eye to wrongdoing will only lead to more trouble.

ZH: 法律不允许姑息养奸，任何违法行为都将受到严惩。
EN: The law does not permit condoning wrongdoing, and any illegal actions will be severely punished.

ZH: 这位领导对于下属的不当行为一向采取姑息养奸的态度。
EN: This leader has always taken a lenient attitude towards the misconduct of subordinates.

ZH: 要想杜绝腐败问题，就不能再继续姑息养奸。
EN: To eradicate corruption, we must no longer condone it.

ZH: 家长们不应该放任孩子的错误行为，这就是在姑息养奸。
EN: Parents should not condone their children's wrongdoings; that would be turning a blind eye to them.

ZH: 姑息养奸会降低整个社会的道德标准。
EN: Condoning wrongdoing will lower the moral standards of society as a whole.

ZH: 公司内部的贪腐问题一直没有得到解决，这是因为管理层一直在姑息养奸。
EN: The issue of corruption within the company has not been resolved because the management has been turning a blind eye to it.

ZH: 要想确保国家长治久安，就不能姑息养奸。
EN: To ensure long-term stability of the country, we cannot tolerate wrongdoing.

ZH: 只有坚决打击腐败，才能杜绝姑息养奸的现象。
EN: Only by resolutely combating corruption can we eliminate the practice of condoning wrongdoing.
