ZH: 她是个很娇气的女孩，总是需要别人照顾。
EN: She is a very delicate girl who always needs someone to take care of her.

ZH: 这个小狗很娇气，不能经常出去玩。
EN: This puppy is very delicate and cannot go out to play often.

ZH: 他会因为一点小事情就生气，真是太娇气了。
EN: He gets angry at the slightest thing, he is really too delicate.

ZH: 她娇气得像个公主，什么事情都得按照她的意愿来。
EN: She is as delicate as a princess, everything has to be done according to her wishes.

ZH: 这个女演员长得很漂亮，但是性格很娇气。
EN: This actress is very beautiful, but she has a delicate personality.

ZH: 他娇气得像个玻璃碎片，一碰就会摔碎。
EN: He is as delicate as a piece of broken glass, he will shatter with just a touch.

ZH: 小孩子最容易生病，所以要多注意娇气的身体。
EN: Children are prone to illness, so we should pay extra attention to their delicate bodies.

ZH: 这个香水的味道很娇气，有一种淡淡的花香。
EN: The scent of this perfume is delicate, it has a light floral fragrance.

ZH: 她的穿着总是很娇气，喜欢穿粉色和蕾丝的衣服。
EN: She always dresses delicately, preferring to wear pink and lace clothes.

ZH: 当心点，这个玻璃杯很娇气，摔碎了就麻烦了。
EN: Be careful, this glass is delicate, it will be troublesome if it breaks.

ZH: 他很娇气，不喜欢参加户外活动，总是呆在家里。
EN: He is delicate and doesn't like to participate in outdoor activities, always staying at home.

ZH: 这种植物需要温暖的环境，不能暴露在太冷的天气中，很娇气。
EN: This plant needs a warm environment and cannot be exposed to very cold weather, it's delicate.

ZH: 她生活条件太好了，太娇气了，根本不知道生活的艰辛。
EN: She has too good living conditions, she is too delicate to understand the hardships of life.

ZH: 他是个富家子弟，从小到大都很娇气，没有吃过一点苦。
EN: He is a rich kid, he has been delicate since childhood and has never experienced any hardships.

ZH: 这个玻璃花瓶很娇气，要小心放置，别碰坏了。
EN: This glass vase is delicate, it should be placed carefully, don't break it.

ZH: 她是个很娇气的歌手，唱歌的时候很注重自己的形象。
EN: She is a delicate singer, she pays a lot of attention to her image when singing.

ZH: 这款手机很娇气，掉在地上就容易坏。
EN: This mobile phone is delicate, it is easy to break when dropped.

ZH: 这个罐子很娇气，不要用力摔，会碎的。
EN: This jar is delicate, don't throw it hard, it will break.

ZH: 她不喜欢户外运动，因为她娇气，怕累。
EN: She doesn't like outdoor sports because she is delicate and afraid of tiredness.

ZH: 娇气的宝宝需要特别细心照料，不能受到一点点的伤害。
EN: Delicate babies need special care, they cannot be harmed in any way.
