ZH: 她是个娇生惯养的孩子，从小就没受过什么苦。
EN: She is a spoiled child who has never suffered since childhood.

ZH: 这个小孩娇生惯养，不愿意自己做家务。
EN: This child is spoilt and unwilling to do household chores.

ZH: 她的父母一直把她娇生惯养，让她周围的人都感到无可奈何。
EN: Her parents have always spoiled her, leaving everyone around her helpless.

ZH: 那个娇生惯养的小伙子一点挫折都受不了。
EN: That spoiled young man can't handle any setbacks.

ZH: 小狗是被主人娇生惯养的，从小到大从没离开过家。
EN: The puppy was spoiled by the owner and has never left home since childhood.

ZH: 这个宝贝儿娇生惯养，被父母捧在手心上。
EN: This baby is spoiled, held in the palm of his parents' hands.

ZH: 由于娇生惯养，这个孩子没有学会和别人分享。
EN: Due to being spoiled, this child hasn't learned to share with others.

ZH: 她长大后发现，娇生惯养并不利于她的成长。
EN: She grew up and realized that being spoiled wasn't conducive to her growth.

ZH: 这个姑娘娇生惯养，一点点辛苦都受不了。
EN: This girl is spoiled and can't handle any little hardship.

ZH: 孩子们的娇生惯养让他们成了一群不知感恩的人。
EN: The children's spoiling has turned them into a group of ungrateful people.

ZH: 父母宠爱孩子是应该的，但不能娇生惯养。
EN: It's right for parents to love their children, but they shouldn't spoil them.

ZH: 这个家庭把孩子娇生惯养，结果导致他们没有独立的能力。
EN: This family spoils their children, resulting in a lack of independence.

ZH: 这个家族从小到大都被娇生惯养，没有真正面对过困难。
EN: This family has been spoiled since childhood and has never truly faced difficulties.

ZH: 他的家境优越，但并不意味着他是个娇生惯养的人。
EN: His family background is superior, but that doesn't mean he is a spoiled person.

ZH: 不要再把他娇生惯养下去了，他需要学会独立。
EN: Don't spoil him anymore, he needs to learn to be independent.

ZH: 娇生惯养的人容易变得自私和没有耐心。
EN: Spoiled people tend to become selfish and impatient.

ZH: 这部电影讲述了一个娇生惯养的富家子弟的成长故事。
EN: This movie tells the story of the growth of a spoiled rich kid.

ZH: 她的娇生惯养让她对别人的辛苦毫不在意。
EN: Her spoiling has made her oblivious to the hardships of others.

ZH: 她忍受不了任何委屈，因为她是娇生惯养的。
EN: She can't tolerate any grievances because she is spoiled.

ZH: 从小被娇生惯养的孩子，往往容易变得无耐心和不尊重他人。
EN: Children who have been spoiled since childhood tend to become impatient and disrespectful of others.
