ZH: 作为一种媒介，电视可以传播大量的信息。
EN: As a medium, television can disseminate a large amount of information.

ZH: 互联网是现代社会中最重要的媒介之一。
EN: The internet is one of the most important media in modern society.

ZH: 报纸是一种常见的新闻媒介。
EN: Newspapers are a common medium for news.

ZH: 广播电台是许多人获取新闻和娱乐的媒介之一。
EN: Radio stations are one of the mediums through which many people access news and entertainment.

ZH: 社交媒体成为了人们分享生活和交流的重要媒介。
EN: Social media has become an important medium for people to share their lives and communicate.

ZH: 电影是一种受欢迎的娱乐媒介。
EN: Movies are a popular medium for entertainment.

ZH: 媒介在社会中扮演着传递信息和观点的重要角色。
EN: Media plays an important role in society in conveying information and opinions.

ZH: 通过媒介，人们可以了解世界各地的事情。
EN: Through media, people can learn about things happening all around the world.

ZH: 许多公司利用媒介来推广他们的产品和服务。
EN: Many companies use media to promote their products and services.

ZH: 媒介的发展使得新闻的传播更加迅速和全面。
EN: The development of media has made the dissemination of news faster and more comprehensive.

ZH: 广告是一种通过媒介来促销产品的方式。
EN: Advertising is a way of promoting products through media.

ZH: 媒介的多样性使得人们有更多的选择和机会来获取信息。
EN: The diversity of media provides people with more choices and opportunities to access information.

ZH: 媒介可以通过不同的方式来影响人们的观点和价值观。
EN: Media can influence people's perspectives and values in different ways.

ZH: 通过视频媒介，人们可以更直观地了解复杂的概念和过程。
EN: Through video media, people can have a more intuitive understanding of complex concepts and processes.

ZH: 互联网媒介的兴起改变了传统媒体的格局。
EN: The rise of internet media has changed the landscape of traditional media.

ZH: 媒介的使用方式随着技术的发展而不断变化。
EN: The ways in which media is used constantly change with the advancement of technology.

ZH: 传统媒体与新媒介之间存在着竞争和互补的关系。
EN: There is competition and complementarity between traditional media and new media.

ZH: 当今社会，移动媒介成为了主流的信息获取途径之一。
EN: In today's society, mobile media has become one of the mainstream ways to access information.

ZH: 新媒介的出现改变了人们获取新闻和娱乐的方式。
EN: The emergence of new media has changed the way people access news and entertainment.

ZH: 媒介的发展在一定程度上塑造了社会的文化和价值观。
EN: The development of media has to some extent shaped the culture and values of society.
