ZH: 他喜欢阅读，学富五车。
EN: He loves reading and is knowledgeable in many subjects.

ZH: 她的书架上摆满了各种书籍，可见她学富五车。
EN: Her bookshelf is filled with various books, showing that she is very knowledgeable.

ZH: 这位老师不仅学富五车，而且还非常耐心。
EN: This teacher is not only knowledgeable in many subjects, but also very patient.

ZH: 那个学者是学富五车的，他可以谈论任何话题。
EN: That scholar is knowledgeable in many subjects, he can talk about any topic.

ZH: 他除了善于管理企业，还学富五车。
EN: Besides being good at managing businesses, he is also knowledgeable in many subjects.

ZH: 她虽然年纪轻轻，但学富五车，非常有见识。
EN: Although she is young, she is knowledgeable in many subjects and very insightful.

ZH: 这个科学家是学富五车的，他的研究堪称一流。
EN: This scientist is knowledgeable in many subjects, his research is first-rate.

ZH: 她经验丰富，学富五车，是我们的良师益友。
EN: She is experienced, knowledgeable in many subjects, and is our helpful mentor.

ZH: 这位经理在管理方面非常出色，同时也是学富五车的。
EN: This manager is excellent in management and also knowledgeable in many subjects.

ZH: 他对历史非常了解，堪称学富五车。
EN: He knows a lot about history, and can be considered very knowledgeable.

ZH: 即使退休了，他依然保持着学富五车的状态。
EN: Even after retiring, he still maintains his knowledgeable status.

ZH: 这位作家写的书籍深受读者喜爱，她学富五车。
EN: The books written by this writer are loved by readers, she is knowledgeable in many subjects.

ZH: 她虽然是一位律师，但学富五车。
EN: Although she is a lawyer, she is knowledgeable in many subjects.

ZH: 他是一位聪明的商人，也是学富五车的。
EN: He is a smart businessman and also knowledgeable in many subjects.

ZH: 我们的教授学富五车，是一位杰出的学者。
EN: Our professor is knowledgeable in many subjects, and is an outstanding scholar.

ZH: 她是一位多才多艺的艺术家，学富五车。
EN: She is a talented artist in many areas and is knowledgeable in many subjects.

ZH: 他不仅精通金融，还学富五车。
EN: He is not only proficient in finance, but also knowledgeable in many subjects.

ZH: 这位画家是学富五车的，她的作品备受赞誉。
EN: This painter is knowledgeable in many subjects, her works are highly praised.

ZH: 他在音乐领域有着丰富的知识，可以说是学富五车。
EN: He has rich knowledge in the field of music and can be said to be knowledgeable in many subjects.

ZH: 唐伯虎不仅擅长绘画，还学富五车。
EN: Tang Bohu is not only good at painting, but also knowledgeable in many subjects.
