ZH: 我平均每周有20个学时的课程。
EN: I have 20 class hours of classes per week on average.

ZH: 他每个学期的总学时是多少？
EN: How many class hours does he have in total for each semester?

ZH: 她一天有8个学时的学习时间。
EN: She has 8 hours of study time per day.

ZH: 我们需要完成100个学时的实习才能毕业。
EN: We need to complete 100 class hours of internship in order to graduate.

ZH: 这门课程有30个学时。
EN: This course has 30 class hours.

ZH: 学生需要满足90个学时的实习要求。
EN: Students need to meet the internship requirement of 90 class hours.

ZH: 每个学期我都会尽量安排满40个学时的课程。
EN: I will try to schedule 40 class hours of classes each semester.

ZH: 这门课程的学时很灵活，可以根据学生的需求调整。
EN: The class hours for this course are very flexible and can be adjusted according to the students' needs.

ZH: 初中生每周的学时比高中生少。
EN: Middle school students have fewer class hours per week than high school students.

ZH: 他们计划每周分配50个学时给学习英语。
EN: They plan to allocate 50 class hours per week for studying English.

ZH: 为了追赶进度，他们将增加每周的学时。
EN: In order to catch up with the progress, they will increase the class hours per week.

ZH: 去年我总共参加了300个学时的课程。
EN: Last year, I attended a total of 300 class hours of classes.

ZH: 他的学时比其他同学更多，因为他有更多的兴趣。
EN: He has more class hours than other classmates because he has more interest.

ZH: 为了提高学生学术水平，学校增加了每周的学时。
EN: In order to improve students' academic levels, the school has increased the class hours per week.

ZH: 这是一门40个学时的课程，需要专注和努力。
EN: This is a 40 class hours course that requires focus and effort.

ZH: 我们上星期的学时被取消了，所以我们得安排补课。
EN: Our class hours for last week were canceled, so we need to arrange for makeup classes.

ZH: 请查看课程表以了解每周的学时安排。
EN: Please check the timetable to learn about the class hour arrangement for each week.

ZH: 他们每周有15个学时的体育课。
EN: They have 15 class hours of physical education classes per week.

ZH: 这个项目要求学生在一年内完成1000个学时的学习。
EN: This project requires students to complete 1000 class hours of study within a year.

ZH: 每个学生需要完成300个学时的实习才能毕业。
EN: Each student needs to complete 300 class hours of internship in order to graduate.
