ZH: 我们很幸运地是所有家人在地震后都能够安然无恙。
EN: Luckily, all our family members were safe and sound after the earthquake.

ZH: 汽车事故后，她虽然受了伤，但是还是能够安然无恙地回到家。
EN: Despite being injured in the car accident, she managed to return home safe and sound.

ZH: 经历海难后，船员们能够安然无恙地回到岸上。
EN: After the shipwreck, the crew members were able to return to the shore safe and sound.

ZH: 这场火灾造成了很大的破坏，但是幸好没有人员伤亡，大家都安然无恙。
EN: The fire caused a lot of damage, but fortunately there were no casualties, everyone was safe and sound.

ZH: 这次旅行虽然遇到了一些问题，但最终我们还是能够安然无恙地回到家。
EN: Despite encountering some issues during the trip, we were able to return home safe and sound.

ZH: 在风暴过后，屋子虽然受损，但我们的家人都安然无恙。
EN: After the storm, although the house was damaged, our family members were safe and sound.

ZH: 虽然生活中会遭遇许多困难，但只要坚持下去，我们都能够安然无恙。
EN: Although we may face many difficulties in life, as long as we persevere, we can all stay safe and sound.

ZH: 战争过后，幸存者们能够安然无恙地重建家园。
EN: After the war, the survivors were able to rebuild their homes safe and sound.

ZH: 在这次车祸中，司机虽然受伤，但他的乘客们都安然无恙。
EN: In this car accident, although the driver was injured, his passengers were all safe and sound.

ZH: 虽然遇到了很大的困难，但他们最终能够安然无恙地渡过难关。
EN: Despite encountering great difficulties, they were able to overcome them and stay safe and sound.

ZH: 在这次地震中，幸好我家的房屋没有倒塌，我们都安然无恙。
EN: Thankfully, our house did not collapse during the earthquake, and we were all safe and sound.

ZH: 尽管发生了很大的意外，但是所有的乘客都能够安然无恙地下了飞机。
EN: Despite a major accident, all the passengers were able to safely disembark the plane.

ZH: 经历了飓风的袭击，这座小镇的居民们都安然无恙地度过了难关。
EN: The residents of this town were able to weather the hurricane and stay safe and sound.

ZH: 这位登山者在山上迷路了一段时间，幸好最终能够安然无恙地下山。
EN: The mountaineer got lost on the mountain for a while, but fortunately managed to come down safe and sound.

ZH: 在这次大火中，尽管房屋被烧毁，但所有人都能够幸运地安然无恙。
EN: Despite the houses being burnt down in the fire, everyone was lucky enough to be safe and sound.

ZH: 我感到非常欣慰的是，我在这次事故中能够完好无损地离开。
EN: I am very relieved that I was able to come out of this accident unharmed.

ZH: 尽管经历了一番波折，最终我还是能够毫发无伤地完成这次任务。
EN: Despite some setbacks, I was able to complete this mission without a scratch.

ZH: 他们在遭遇海盗劫持后，最终成功逃脱，安然无恙。
EN: After being hijacked by pirates, they managed to escape and stay safe and sound.

ZH: 虽然经历了许多困难，但最终我们还是能够安然无恙地到达目的地。
EN: Despite facing many difficulties, we were eventually able to reach our destination safe and sound.
