ZH: 战士们开始在山谷里安营扎寨。
EN: The soldiers began to set up camp in the valley.

ZH: 昨晚我们在森林中安营扎寨。
EN: Last night we camped in the forest.

ZH: 要在河边安营扎寨，需要考虑防水。
EN: Setting up camp by the river requires consideration of waterproofing.

ZH: 军队在战场上安营扎寨，准备开始进攻。
EN: The army set up camp on the battlefield, preparing to launch an attack.

ZH: 群众纷纷安营扎寨，准备久居山林。
EN: The masses began to set up camp, preparing to live in the mountains.

ZH: 在这片荒野上安营扎寨，需要密切关注野生动物的活动。
EN: Setting up camp in this wilderness requires close attention to the activities of wild animals.

ZH: 这支部队经过几天行军，终于在郊外安营扎寨。
EN: After several days of marching, the troop finally set up camp on the outskirts.

ZH: 为了应对突发情况，我们决定在山脚处安营扎寨。
EN: To deal with unexpected situations, we decided to set up camp at the foot of the mountain.

ZH: 战士们在夜幕降临之前已经安营扎寨好了。
EN: The soldiers had already set up camp before nightfall.

ZH: 高山上的空气稀薄，需要小心在此安营扎寨。
EN: The air is thin in the mountains, so we need to be careful when setting up camp.

ZH: 明天一早我们就准备好了出发，现在可以在这里暂时安营扎寨。
EN: We'll be ready to leave early tomorrow morning, so we can set up camp here for now.

ZH: 民众开始在农田旁边安营扎寨，种植各种蔬菜。
EN: The people began to set up camp beside the farmland, planting various vegetables.

ZH: 部队紧急撤退，只好在山谷里安营扎寨。
EN: The troops retreated in a hurry and had to set up camp in the valley.

ZH: 这座城堡不仅可以居住，还可以在周围安营扎寨。
EN: This castle is not only a residence, but also a place to set up camp around it.

ZH: 考古学家们在沙漠中安营扎寨，进行挖掘工作。
EN: Archaeologists set up camp in the desert to carry out excavation work.

ZH: 部队在森林中找到一片空地，决定在此安营扎寨。
EN: The troops found a clearing in the forest and decided to set up camp there.

ZH: 他们在绿草地上安营扎寨，享受和大自然的亲密接触。
EN: They set up camp on the green grassland, enjoying close contact with nature.

ZH: 这支队伍在迷雾中迷路了，只好在附近山坡安营扎寨。
EN: The team got lost in the fog and had to set up camp on a nearby hillside.

ZH: 探险队在山区中安营扎寨，准备进行深度探索。
EN: The expedition team set up camp in the mountains, preparing for a deep exploration.

ZH: 军队穿越沼泽地，只得在岸边安营扎寨。
EN: The army crossed the swamp and had to set up camp on the shore.
