ZH: 官僚主义是中国政府机构中的一个普遍问题。
EN: Bureaucracy is a common issue in Chinese government agencies.

ZH: 我们需要解决官僚主义带来的效率问题。
EN: We need to address the efficiency issues brought by bureaucracy.

ZH: 官僚主义常常导致决策缓慢。
EN: Bureaucracy often leads to slow decision-making.

ZH: 官僚主义对创新发展有一定程度的阻碍。
EN: Bureaucracy poses a certain obstacle to innovative development.

ZH: 许多人认为官僚主义是政府运作不顺畅的原因之一。
EN: Many people believe that bureaucracy is one of the reasons for the government's inefficient operation.

ZH: 消除官僚主义需要改革体制。
EN: Eliminating bureaucracy requires reforming the system.

ZH: 官僚主义让底层民众难以获得有效的公共服务。
EN: Bureaucracy makes it difficult for grassroots people to access effective public services.

ZH: 官僚主义往往顾虑过多而损害了快速决策的能力。
EN: Bureaucracy often harms the ability to make quick decisions due to excessive concerns.

ZH: 官僚主义容易导致工作流程的繁琐和低效。
EN: Bureaucracy is prone to causing cumbersome and inefficient work processes.

ZH: 官僚主义要求人们遵循繁文缛节，增加了工作成本。
EN: Bureaucracy requires people to follow complicated procedures, increasing the cost of work.

ZH: 官僚主义意味着权力集中在一小部分人手中。
EN: Bureaucracy means power is concentrated in the hands of a small group of people.

ZH: 官僚主义的存在往往导致决策者与基层疏离。
EN: The existence of bureaucracy often leads to a disconnect between decision-makers and grassroots level.

ZH: 官僚主义成为中国社会管理的一大瓶颈。
EN: Bureaucracy has become a major bottleneck in the management of Chinese society.

ZH: 对于解决官僚主义，需要强化内部监督。
EN: To address bureaucracy, it is necessary to strengthen internal supervision.

ZH: 官僚主义常常减缓政府政策的落实速度。
EN: Bureaucracy often slows down the implementation of government policies.

ZH: 官僚主义让办事流程繁复而效率低下。
EN: Bureaucracy makes the process of handling affairs complex and inefficient.

ZH: 有效治理官僚主义是政府工作的重要任务之一。
EN: Effectively regulating bureaucracy is one of the important tasks of government work.

ZH: 官僚主义的存在阻碍了企业的发展。
EN: The existence of bureaucracy hinders the development of enterprises.

ZH: 官僚主义会增加公共服务的成本。
EN: Bureaucracy will increase the cost of public services.

ZH: 针对官僚主义问题，需要进行体制创新。
EN: System innovation is needed to address the issue of bureaucracy.
