ZH: 这件事情让他一直寝食难安。
EN: This matter made him unable to sleep or eat in peace.

ZH: 父母对孩子的前途非常担忧，整天寝食难安。
EN: Parents are extremely worried about their child's future, unable to sleep or eat in peace all day.

ZH: 这个重要决定令我寝食难安，犹豫不决。
EN: This important decision makes me unable to sleep or eat in peace, hesitating.

ZH: 失去了工作，他整晚寝食难安，心情低落。
EN: Having lost his job, he is unable to sleep or eat in peace all night, feeling down.

ZH: 想到明天的考试，我感到寝食难安。
EN: Thinking about tomorrow's exam, I feel unable to sleep or eat in peace.

ZH: 政治压力不断增加，使得公民寝食难安。
EN: Increasing political pressure makes citizens unable to sleep or eat in peace.

ZH: 在心情不好的时候，我经常寝食难安。
EN: I often can't sleep or eat in peace when I'm in a bad mood.

ZH: 长时间没有和家人联系，使他们寝食难安。
EN: Not being in contact with family for a long time makes them unable to sleep or eat in peace.

ZH: 等待得到消息的时候，我感到寝食难安。
EN: I feel unable to sleep or eat in peace while waiting for news.

ZH: 在面临挑战的时候，她寝食难安，感到压力很大。
EN: Facing challenges, she is unable to sleep or eat in peace, feeling a lot of pressure.

ZH: 遭受欺凌导致我长时间寝食难安。
EN: Suffering from bullying leads me to be unable to sleep or eat in peace for a long time.

ZH: 生意经历困境，让我寝食难安，担忧不已。
EN: Going through difficulties in business makes me unable to sleep or eat in peace, worrying endlessly.

ZH: 错失了重要的机会，我整天寝食难安地后悔。
EN: Missing an important opportunity, I spend the day unable to sleep or eat in peace, regretting deeply.

ZH: 处于矛盾中，他感到寝食难安，不知如何决断。
EN: In a dilemma, he feels unable to sleep or eat in peace, not knowing how to make a decision.

ZH: 艰难的决定使我寝食难安，纠结不已。
EN: Difficult decisions make me unable to sleep or eat in peace, feeling torn.

ZH: 学校工作紧张，老师们整晚寝食难安。
EN: With the hectic school workload, teachers are unable to sleep or eat in peace all night.

ZH: 失恋后她寝食难安，整夜辗转反侧。
EN: After a heartbreak, she is unable to sleep or eat in peace, tossing and turning all night.

ZH: 不断担心被解雇，让他寝食难安，心神不宁。
EN: Constantly worrying about being fired, he is unable to sleep or eat in peace, feeling restless.

ZH: 收到糟糕的消息后，他整天寝食难安，情绪低落。
EN: After receiving bad news, he is unable to sleep or eat in peace all day, feeling down.

ZH: 为了考试，他寝食难安，整晚都在复习。
EN: In preparation for the exam, he is unable to sleep or eat in peace, studying all night.
