ZH: 他是个小气的人，从不肯花钱。
EN: He is a stingy person who never wants to spend money.

ZH: 她对待朋友总是很小气，从不肯帮忙。
EN: She is always miserly towards her friends and never wants to help.

ZH: 我们的老板非常小气，从不给加薪。
EN: Our boss is extremely stingy and never gives a raise.

ZH: 他小气得连最简单的礼物也不愿意送给别人。
EN: He is so tightfisted that he is unwilling to even give the simplest gifts to others.

ZH: 我们家的猫对吃的非常小气，从不愿意分享。
EN: Our cat is very stingy when it comes to food and never wants to share.

ZH: 这家餐馆的份量太小气了，吃不饱。
EN: The portion size at this restaurant is too stingy, it's not filling.

ZH: 她是个小气的司机，从不肯让别人插队。
EN: She is a stingy driver who never lets others cut in the line.

ZH: 他每次去超市都只买最便宜的东西，太小气了。
EN: Every time he goes to the supermarket, he only buys the cheapest things, he's too stingy.

ZH: 她是个小气的房东，从不肯给修房子。
EN: She is a tightfisted landlord who never wants to pay for house repairs.

ZH: 这个酒吧的招待太小气了，只能点一杯酒。
EN: The service at this bar is too stingy, you can only order one drink.

ZH: 他为了省钱连电灯都不愿意开，太小气了。
EN: He is so cheap that he doesn't even want to turn on the lights to save money.

ZH: 我们的邻居从来不给小孩们糖果，真是太小气了。
EN: Our neighbor never gives candies to the kids, it's really stingy.

ZH: 这家酒店的服务员非常小气，从不笑脸相迎。
EN: The waiters at this hotel are extremely stingy and never greet with a smile.

ZH: 他是个非常小气的人，连借电话都不愿意。
EN: He is a very tightfisted person, he doesn't even want to lend his phone.

ZH: 这个老人小气得连一分钱都不愿意捐给慈善机构。
EN: This old man is so stingy that he doesn't even want to donate a penny to charity.

ZH: 我朋友非常小气，从不肯请客。
EN: My friend is very stingy and never wants to treat others.

ZH: 这个商人非常小气，总是想尽办法不付钱。
EN: This businessman is very tightfisted and always tries his best not to pay.

ZH: 她对待工作非常小气，从不愿意帮助其他同事。
EN: She is very miserly towards work, she never wants to help other colleagues.

ZH: 他小气得连自己的家人也不肯帮助。
EN: He is so stingy that he even refuses to help his own family.

ZH: 这个公司的老板非常小气，连办公用品都要自己带。
EN: The boss of this company is very tightfisted, he even makes employees bring their own office supplies.
