ZH: 他在宫殿前屈膝礼向皇帝致敬。
EN: He kneeled down in front of the palace to pay homage to the emperor.

ZH: 她经常以屈膝礼表达敬意和感激。
EN: She often expresses her respect and gratitude through a kneeling gesture.

ZH: 在中国的传统文化中，屈膝礼是一种非常重要的礼节。
EN: Kneeling gesture is a highly significant etiquette in Chinese traditional culture.

ZH: 屈膝礼是悲伤和哀悼的一种方式。
EN: Kneeling gesture is a way to express grief and mourning.

ZH: 孩子们在上学的第一天要向老师行屈膝礼。
EN: Children have to kneel down and pay respect to their teachers on the first day of school.

ZH: 母亲在我结婚时曾屈膝礼祝福我。
EN: My mother kneeled down to bless me on my wedding day.

ZH: 学生们都要向校长行屈膝礼以示尊敬。
EN: The students all have to kneel down in front of the principal as a sign of respect.

ZH: 在传统婚礼上，新郎会向新娘的父母行屈膝礼。
EN: In a traditional wedding, the groom will kneel down to the bride's parents.

ZH: 这位武术大师教我们如何行屈膝礼以显示对对方实力的尊重。
EN: The martial arts master taught us how to kneel down to show respect for the other person's strength.

ZH: 他屈膝礼感谢朋友在困难时期对他的支持。
EN: He kneeled down as a gesture of thanks for his friend's support during difficult times.

ZH: 在中国，屈膝礼也是向先辈祖先表示尊敬的一种方式。
EN: In China, kneeling gesture is also a way to show respect to ancestors.

ZH: 尊敬的客人们，请行屈膝礼向我们的特邀嘉宾表示欢迎。
EN: Ladies and gentlemen, please kneel down to welcome our special guest.

ZH: 这个部落首领要求所有成员向神灵行屈膝礼。
EN: The tribal chief demands that all members kneel down to worship the gods.

ZH: 学生们在国旗下行屈膝礼的时候，表示对国家的忠诚。
EN: When students kneel down in front of the national flag, it symbolizes loyalty to the country.

ZH: 新员工必须在入职典礼上行屈膝礼来向公司表示敬意。
EN: New employees must kneel down during the induction ceremony to show respect to the company.

ZH: 我们每年的七月七日，会以屈膝礼祭拜牛郎织女。
EN: Every year on the seventh day of the seventh lunar month, we kneel down to worship the Cowherd and Weaver Girl.

ZH: 长者领导我们去山顶，我们每个人都要屈膝礼感谢他的指导。
EN: The elders led us to the mountaintop, where each of us kneeled down to thank them for their guidance.

ZH: 按照传统习俗，未婚夫会屈膝礼向未婚妻求婚。
EN: According to traditional customs, the fiancé will kneel down to propose to his fiancée.

ZH: 我们的婚礼仪式中，我们双方父母也会行屈膝礼以表示接受对方为幸福的一部分。
EN: In our wedding ceremony, our parents will also kneel down to accept each other as part of our happiness.

ZH: 在重要的宗教仪式上，信徒会屈膝礼表示对神的敬意。
EN: In important religious ceremonies, believers will kneel down to show respect to God.
