ZH: 这家博物馆将展出一批珍贵的文物。
EN: This museum will exhibit a collection of precious cultural relics.
 
ZH: 这个画廊正展出一场名为“艺术之光”的绘画展。
EN: The art gallery is currently hosting an exhibition called "Light of Art".
 
ZH: 我们计划在下个月展出一系列新产品。
EN: We plan to showcase a range of new products next month.
 
ZH: 该公司将在世界各地的展览会上展示他们的技术成果。
EN: The company will showcase their technological achievements at trade shows around the world.
 
ZH: 今年的汽车展将展出各种各样的新车型。
EN: This year's car show will feature a wide variety of new models.
 
ZH: 这个博览会每年都会展出最新的科技产品。
EN: This trade fair exhibits the latest technological products every year.
 
ZH: 这次展览将展出一些从未被公开展示过的艺术品。
EN: This exhibition will display some artworks that have never been publicly exhibited before.
 
ZH: 这个博物馆将展出一些为我们国家历史作出重要贡献的文物。
EN: This museum will exhibit some cultural relics that have made significant contributions to our nation's history.
 
ZH: 他的艺术作品将在巴黎著名画廊展出。
EN: His artworks will be exhibited at a renowned gallery in Paris.
 
ZH: 这本图书馆将展出一些稀有的古籍。
EN: This library will display some rare ancient books.
 
ZH: 这个博览会上将展出各种各样的旅游产品。
EN: A wide range of travel products will be exhibited at this trade show.
 
ZH: 这次音乐会将展出多位世界级音乐家的表演。
EN: This concert will feature performances by several world-class musicians.
 
ZH: 他的摄影作品将在这个城市的艺术画廊展出。
EN: His photography works will be exhibited at an art gallery in this city.
 
ZH: 这个博物馆正在展出一批中国古代艺术品。
EN: This museum is currently exhibiting a collection of ancient Chinese artworks.
 
ZH: 这个展览将展出建筑界的一些创新设计。
EN: This exhibition will showcase some innovative designs in the field of architecture.
 
ZH: 我们计划在节日庆典上展出一些传统手工艺品。
EN: We plan to exhibit some traditional handicrafts at the festival celebration.
 
ZH: 这个美术馆将展出一场以自然为主题的摄影展。
EN: This art gallery will host a photography exhibition with nature as the main theme.
 
ZH: 博物馆工作人员正在策划下一次展出活动。
EN: The museum staff is currently planning the next exhibition event.
 
ZH: 这次展览将展出一些当代艺术家的作品。
EN: This exhibition will display artworks by some contemporary artists.
 
ZH: 这个传媒集团将在今年的广告大会上展出他们的最新创意。
EN: This media conglomerate will exhibit their latest creative ideas at this year's advertising conference.
