ZH: 岂有此理，明明是你的错，却要我来承担责任。
EN: It is unreasonable to blame me for your mistake.

ZH: 岂有此理，这么简单的问题你竟然还要问我。
EN: It is absurd that you still need to ask me such a simple question.

ZH: 岂有此理，我明明跟你说了不要打扰我，你却还在这里吵闹。
EN: It is unheard of that I told you not to bother me, and yet you are still making noise.

ZH: 岂有此理，明明是你的错，却要我来向你道歉。
EN: It is outrageous that I have to apologize to you for something that was clearly your fault.

ZH: 岂有此理，明明是你欠我钱，却反过来说是我欠你的。
EN: It is illogical that you owe me money, but claim that I owe you instead.

ZH: 岂有此理，我们明明约好了时间，你却临时取消。
EN: It is unreasonable that we had agreed on a time, but you canceled last minute.

ZH: 岂有此理，我明明对你很好，你却还在背后说我坏话。
EN: It is absurd that I have been good to you, yet you are still talking behind my back.

ZH: 岂有此理，我明明无辜，却要被人误解和诬陷。
EN: It is unjust that I am innocent, but being misunderstood and falsely accused.

ZH: 岂有此理，你早就答应了的事情，怎么现在却不做了？
EN: It is unreasonable that you agreed to do something earlier, but now you are not doing it.

ZH: 岂有此理，这种对待明明是不公平的，却还找借口为自己辩解。
EN: It is unfair to treat someone like this, yet still find excuses to defend yourself.

ZH: 岂有此理，我付了钱，明明应该得到服务，结果却一无所获。
EN: It is inconceivable that I paid for a service, but received nothing in return.

ZH: 岂有此理，你竟然无视我的感受，只顾着自己的利益。
EN: It is unfathomable that you ignore my feelings, only caring about your own interests.

ZH: 岂有此理，你迟到了半个小时，却来责备我迟到。
EN: It is beyond reason that you arrive half an hour late, and then blame me for being late.

ZH: 岂有此理，明明是你犯错，却推卸责任说是别人的错。
EN: It is unreasonable that you make a mistake, but blame others for it.

ZH: 岂有此理，连续几天都让我等，却突然取消了约会。
EN: It is intolerable to make me wait for days, only to cancel our appointment suddenly.

ZH: 岂有此理，你明明承诺了，现在却反悔不做了。
EN: It is unreasonable that you promised something, but now you are reneging on it.

ZH: 岂有此理，你竟然不相信我，却相信别人说的话。
EN: It is absurd that you do not trust me, but believe what others say.

ZH: 岂有此理，我付出了那么多，却得到这样的对待。
EN: It is unjust that I have given so much, only to receive such treatment.

ZH: 岂有此理，你竟然骗我，说好的事情都不兑现。
EN: It is outrageous that you lied to me, and did not honor what was promised.
