ZH: 工地上有很多工人在辛勤工作。
EN: There are many workers working diligently at the construction site.

ZH: 那个工地上的建筑工人们都很专业。
EN: The construction workers at that construction site are all very professional.

ZH: 这个工地的规模很庞大，需要很多设备。
EN: This construction site is of a large scale and requires a lot of equipment.

ZH: 工地上的各类机械设备让我对建筑感到很好奇。
EN: The various mechanical equipment on the construction site made me curious about construction.

ZH: 工地上的建筑材料全部已经就位。
EN: All the construction materials on the construction site have been positioned.

ZH: 这个工地的建筑进度非常正常。
EN: The construction progress of this construction site is very normal.

ZH: 这个工地的建筑项目预计需要两年才能完成。
EN: It is estimated that it will take two years to complete the construction project of this construction site.

ZH: 工地附近的交通堵塞了很多。
EN: The traffic around the construction site is heavily congested.

ZH: 工地里的施工过程需要严格控制质量。
EN: The construction process on the construction site needs strict quality control.

ZH: 工地上的脚手架已经搭建好了。
EN: The scaffolding on the construction site has been set up.

ZH: 工地不允许随便进入，需要特别许可。
EN: Unauthorized access is not allowed in the construction site, special permission is required.

ZH: 工地周围设置了围墙以确保安全。
EN: Fences have been set up around the construction site to ensure safety.

ZH: 工地里的工人们都穿着安全帽和安全背心。
EN: The workers on the construction site are all wearing helmets and safety vests.

ZH: 工地上的建筑项目是为了新的写字楼。
EN: The construction project on the construction site is for a new office building.

ZH: 工地上的施工噪音有点大，影响到了周边居民。
EN: The construction noise on the construction site is a bit loud and affects the surrounding residents.

ZH: 工地上的建筑师们正在讨论新的设计方案。
EN: The architects on the construction site are discussing new design plans.

ZH: 工地上严禁吸烟，以确保安全。
EN: Smoking is strictly prohibited on the construction site to ensure safety.

ZH: 工地内的危险区域已设置明确的警示标志。
EN: Clear warning signs have been placed in hazardous areas within the construction site.

ZH: 工地上的施工进度正在按计划进行。
EN: The construction progress on the construction site is proceeding as planned.

ZH: 工地管理人员正在组织工人进行培训。
EN: The site management personnel are organizing training for the workers on the construction site.
