ZH: 为了不出去和朋友聚会，他巧立名目说自己有事情要忙。
EN: In order to avoid going out and meeting friends, he came up with excuses to say that he was busy.

ZH: 她巧立名目说自己不舒服，不想去上学。
EN: She made up excuses that she wasn't feeling well and didn't want to go to school.

ZH: 我们不想参加那个无聊的聚会，只好巧立名目说家里有事情要处理。
EN: We didn't want to attend that boring party, so we made up excuses that we had things to take care of at home.

ZH: 不想和他吵架，她巧立名目说自己需要冷静一下。
EN: She made up excuses that she needed to calm down in order to avoid arguing with him.

ZH: 他巧立名目说自己突然要去旅行，不参加公司的年会。
EN: He came up with excuses that he suddenly had to go on a trip and couldn't attend the company's annual meeting.

ZH: 老板巧立名目说自己有进度会议，没时间参加下午茶。
EN: The boss made up excuses that he had a progress meeting and didn't have time to attend the afternoon tea.

ZH: 他只是为了迫使自己学会管理时间，巧立名目说自己忙得不可开交。
EN: He made up excuses that he was extremely busy just to force himself to learn time management.

ZH: 为了在朋友面前显得充实，她巧立名目说自己每个周末都有安排。
EN: In order to appear fulfilled in front of her friends, she made up excuses that she had plans every weekend.

ZH: 因为他不想参加那个无聊的聚会，只好巧立名目说自己生病了。
EN: Because he didn't want to attend that boring party, he had to make up excuses that he was sick.

ZH: 她巧立名目说车子坏了，无法接送孩子上学。
EN: She came up with excuses that her car was broken and she couldn't drive the kids to school.

ZH: 别再巧立名目了，直接说明原因会更好。
EN: Stop making excuses, it's better to just state the real reason.

ZH: 为了不让别人看出他的心事，他巧立名目说自己没事。
EN: In order to hide his feelings from others, he made up excuses that he was fine.

ZH: 她总是巧立名目找理由不去锻炼。
EN: She always comes up with excuses to avoid exercising.

ZH: 他巧立名目说自己遗忘了密码，不能登录系统。
EN: He made up excuses that he forgot his password and couldn't log into the system.

ZH: 为了不给孩子增加负担，她巧立名目说自己没时间陪伴他们。
EN: In order not to burden the children, she made up excuses that she didn't have time to spend with them.

ZH: 我们不能再接受他的巧立名目，需要他诚实面对问题。
EN: We can't accept his excuses anymore, we need him to face the problems honestly.

ZH: 她巧立名目说自己听不见，不想回答问题。
EN: She made up excuses that she couldn't hear and didn't want to answer the question.

ZH: 老板总是巧立名目推迟开公司会议。
EN: The boss always comes up with excuses to postpone the company meeting.

ZH: 他巧立名目说自己忘带文件，无法完成工作。
EN: He made up excuses that he forgot his documents and couldn't complete the work.

ZH: 她巧立名目说自己没找到停车位，无法按时赴约。
EN: She made up excuses that she couldn't find a parking spot and couldn't make it to the appointment on time.
