ZH: 这部电影的剧情差劲，我看了一半就不想继续了。
EN: The plot of this movie is terrible, I didn't want to continue watching after halfway.

ZH: 他的演技真的很差劲，完全没有表情。
EN: His acting is really bad, he has no expression at all.

ZH: 这个餐厅的服务态度差劲，让人很不舒服。
EN: The service attitude of this restaurant is terrible, it makes people uncomfortable.

ZH: 这个手机的电池续航差劲，用不了几个小时就没电了。
EN: The battery life of this phone is poor, it runs out of power in just a few hours.

ZH: 这个产品的质量太差劲了，我要申请退货。
EN: The quality of this product is too bad, I want to apply for a refund.

ZH: 这个学生的成绩一直很差劲，需要加强学习。
EN: This student's grades have always been poor, they need to study harder.

ZH: 这次演唱会的音效太差劲，都听不清楚歌曲。
EN: The sound effects at this concert are so bad, I can't hear the songs clearly.

ZH: 这个空调的制冷效果很差劲，根本不能降温。
EN: The cooling effect of this air conditioner is very poor, it can't cool down at all.

ZH: 这个电脑的运行速度差劲，开个小程序都要很长时间。
EN: The running speed of this computer is terrible, it takes a long time to open a small program.

ZH: 这个旅馆的卫生条件太差劲了，脏乱不堪。
EN: The hygiene conditions of this hotel are too bad, it's dirty and messy.

ZH: 这个运动员的表现非常差劲，连个球都接不住。
EN: This athlete's performance is extremely poor, they can't even catch a ball.

ZH: 这个歌手的舞台表演很差劲，一点激情都没有。
EN: This singer's stage performance is very bad, there is no passion at all.

ZH: 这个团队的合作精神太差劲了，互不信任。
EN: The team spirit of this team is very poor, there is no trust among them.

ZH: 这个冰淇淋的味道差劲，没有任何特色。
EN: The taste of this ice cream is terrible, it has no distinctive flavor.

ZH: 这个电视剧的编剧水平差劲，情节都很俗套。
EN: The writing level of this TV drama is poor, the plot is very cliché.

ZH: 这个书店的书籍种类太差劲了，都是些低俗的小说。
EN: The variety of books in this bookstore is very poor, they are all low-quality novels.

ZH: 这个演讲者的口才真的很差劲，讲话结结巴巴。
EN: This speaker's eloquence is really bad, they stutter when speaking.

ZH: 这个鞋子的做工差劲，穿了几天就破了。
EN: The workmanship of these shoes is poor, they broke after a few days of wearing.

ZH: 这个电影的特效效果差劲，一点逼真感都没有。
EN: The special effects of this movie are terrible, there is no sense of realism at all.

ZH: 这个歌曲的歌词很差劲，毫无创意。
EN: The lyrics of this song are very bad, there is no creativity at all.
