ZH: 他的案子已经决定了，他将被判入狱五年。
EN: His case has been decided and he will be sentenced to five years in prison.

ZH: 这个问题已经经过审议和辩论，最后终于得出了已决的结论。
EN: This issue has been deliberated and debated, and finally a conclusive decision has been reached.

ZH: 法官已决定对被告人施加轻罪刑罚。
EN: The judge has decided to impose a lighter sentence on the defendant.

ZH: 他们已经决定放弃这个项目，因为成本过高。
EN: They have already decided to abandon this project because the cost is too high.

ZH: 这场比赛的结果已决，我们已经赢了。
EN: The result of this match is already decided, we have already won.

ZH: 那些文件已决定为机密，并且不得外泄。
EN: Those documents have been determined to be classified and must not be leaked.

ZH: 她内心已决，决定要放下一切重新开始。
EN: She is determined in her heart to let go of everything and start over.

ZH: 我们已经决定不再追究此事，算了吧。
EN: We have decided not to pursue this matter any further, let it go.

ZH: 这个计划已经决定下来了，没有讨论的余地了。
EN: This plan has been decided and there is no room for further discussion.

ZH: 他已经决定接受这个职位，明天就开始工作。
EN: He has already decided to accept this position and will start working tomorrow.

ZH: 公司已决定削减成本，所以我们必须裁员。
EN: The company has decided to cut costs, so we have to lay off employees.

ZH: 这个问题已经决定，我们没有其他选择了。
EN: This issue has been decided and we have no other choice.

ZH: 已决出的结果证明我们的策略是正确的。
EN: The outcome that has been determined proves that our strategy was correct.

ZH: 他已经决心要追求自己的梦想，不会再被任何人打败。
EN: He is determined to pursue his dreams and will not be defeated by anyone.

ZH: 她已决定要更加专注于自己的事业，不再顾虑其他事情。
EN: She has decided to focus more on her career and not worry about other things.

ZH: 他已决定离开这个城市，开始自己的新生活。
EN: He has decided to leave this city and start his new life.

ZH: 那个问题已经决定了，我们不需要再讨论了。
EN: That issue has already been decided, we don't need to discuss it anymore.

ZH: 他们已决定把这个项目延期到明年进行。
EN: They have decided to postpone this project until next year.

ZH: 他已决定把父亲的生意接手下来，承担起责任。
EN: He has decided to take over his father's business and take on the responsibility.

ZH: 这个项目已经决定由我们来负责，我们会全力以赴完成。
EN: This project has been decided to be our responsibility, and we will do our best to complete it.
