ZH: 他总是巴结老板，希望能得到提升。
EN: He always tries to curry favor with the boss in hopes of getting a promotion.

ZH: 她巴结同事送了一份贵重礼物。
EN: She brown-nosed her colleague with an expensive gift.

ZH: 我不爱巴结别人，希望可以靠自己的实力获得成功。
EN: I don't like to suck up to others; I hope to achieve success based on my own abilities.

ZH: 他花了很多时间巴结客户，希望能签下合同。
EN: He spent a lot of time buttering up the client in hopes of sealing the deal.

ZH: 我的同学总是巴结老师，期望能获得更好的成绩。
EN: My classmate always tries to flatter the teacher, hoping to get better grades.

ZH: 她经常巴结婆婆以获得她的支持。
EN: She frequently tries to ingratiate herself with her mother-in-law to gain her support.

ZH: 他受够了别人巴结他，总是保持距离。
EN: He is tired of people trying to suck up to him, so he keeps his distance.

ZH: 她没有巴结领导，但靠努力得到了晋升。
EN: She didn't brown-nose the manager but got promoted through hard work.

ZH: 这位员工总是巴结上司，期望能得到更多的机会。
EN: This employee always tries to curry favor with the boss, hoping to get more opportunities.

ZH: 我们不应该巴结权威，而是追求自己的价值观。
EN: We shouldn't pander to authority but rather pursue our own values.

ZH: 她在公司内不停地巴结，以便能得到晋升机会。
EN: She constantly ingratiates herself in the company for chances of promotion.

ZH: 他用巴结的方法争取了同事的支持。
EN: He won over his colleagues' support through bootlicking.

ZH: 她总是巴结长辈，期望能得到更多的关注。
EN: She always tries to brown-nose older people, hoping to get more attention.

ZH: 这些同事整天对经理巴结，希望得到好处。
EN: These colleagues always suck up to the manager in hopes of gaining benefits.

ZH: 他最近开始巴结老板，想要一个加薪机会。
EN: He recently started currying favor with the boss, wanting a salary raise.

ZH: 别人都嫌弃她巴结，不愿和她交朋友。
EN: Others despise her sycophantic behavior and don't want to be friends with her.

ZH: 他不愿向别人巴结，更愿意靠自己的能力获得成功。
EN: He is unwilling to suck up to others and prefers to achieve success through his own abilities.

ZH: 她利用巴结他人来达到自己的目的。
EN: She manipulates others through flattery to achieve her own goals.

ZH: 她巴结上司送了一份特意挑选的礼物。
EN: She brown-nosed her boss with a carefully chosen gift.

ZH: 他一直巴结公司的董事会，以便在意见表达中得到支持。
EN: He has always curried favor with the company's board of directors to gain support in expressing his opinions.
