ZH: 这场活动将带动整个社区的发展。
EN: This event will drive the development of the whole community.

ZH: 这项政策的实施将带动经济增长。
EN: The implementation of this policy will drive economic growth.

ZH: 他们的成功案例有可能带动更多企业效仿。
EN: Their success story may drive more companies to follow suit.

ZH: 这个项目有望带动当地旅游业的兴起。
EN: This project is expected to drive the rise of local tourism.

ZH: 这位演员在国际上的成功为中国电影业带来了曝光。
EN: This actor's international success has brought exposure to the Chinese film industry.

ZH: 这个新产品有望带动公司的销售额增长。
EN: This new product is expected to drive the company's sales growth.

ZH: 他的领导风格带动了整个团队的进步。
EN: His leadership style has driven the progress of the whole team.

ZH: 这场比赛的成功将带动更多人参与这项运动。
EN: The success of this competition will drive more people to participate in this sport.

ZH: 这座新建筑的设计也许能够带动整个城市风貌的改变。
EN: The design of this new building may drive a change in the overall cityscape.

ZH: 这次音乐会将带动对当地音乐的热爱。
EN: This concert will drive a passion for local music.

ZH: 这项技术创新有望带动整个行业的发展。
EN: This technological innovation is expected to drive the development of the whole industry.

ZH: 这部电影的成功为中国文化的传播带来了新的机遇。
EN: The success of this film has brought new opportunities for the spread of Chinese culture.

ZH: 这个计划的实施将带动当地居民的生活水平提高。
EN: The implementation of this plan will drive an increase in the living standards of local residents.

ZH: 这款新产品的问世使该公司在市场上的竞争力得到了增强。
EN: The launch of this new product has enhanced the company's competitiveness in the market.

ZH: 这支球队的胜利为整个城市带来了团结与自豪。
EN: The victory of this team has brought unity and pride to the whole city.

ZH: 这部作品的问世或许能够带动整个行业的发展。
EN: The release of this work may drive the development of the entire industry.

ZH: 这项计划的实施预计将带动当地经济的繁荣。
EN: The implementation of this plan is expected to drive the prosperity of the local economy.

ZH: 这次合作将为双方带来共赢的机遇。
EN: This cooperation will bring win-win opportunities for both parties.

ZH: 新的创新技术有可能带动社会的进步。
EN: New innovative technologies may drive progress in society.

ZH: 这位领导者的号召力带动了整个团队的士气。
EN: The charisma of this leader has driven the morale of the whole team.
