ZH: 我们一家人每年都会聚在一起吃年夜饭。
EN: Every year, our family gathers to have a big New Year's Eve dinner.

ZH: 年夜饭是中国春节期间的传统活动之一。
EN: Having a big New Year's Eve dinner is one of the traditional activities during Chinese New Year.

ZH: 春节前夕，人们会团聚在一起吃年夜饭。
EN: On the eve of the Spring Festival, people gather to have a big New Year's Eve dinner.

ZH: 年夜饭上通常会有很多菜和美食。
EN: There are usually many dishes and delicious food on the New Year's Eve dinner.

ZH: 我们家的年夜饭总是很豪华。
EN: Our family's New Year's Eve dinner is always very luxurious.

ZH: 为了准备年夜饭，我妈妈早早就开始忙碌了。
EN: In order to prepare for the New Year's Eve dinner, my mom started early and was very busy.

ZH: 我最喜欢吃的一道菜是妈妈做的红烧肉。
EN: One of my favorite dishes to eat is the braised pork that my mom makes.

ZH: 年夜饭上有传统的菜肴，也有现代的创意菜。
EN: There are traditional dishes as well as modern creative dishes on the New Year's Eve dinner.

ZH: 年夜饭的菜肴代表着团圆和幸福。
EN: The dishes on the New Year's Eve dinner represent reunion and happiness.

ZH: 在吃年夜饭之前，大家会一起祈福和欢聚。
EN: Before having the New Year's Eve dinner, everyone will come together to pray for blessings and enjoy each other's company.

ZH: 年夜饭上常常有精美的装饰和吉祥的寓意。
EN: There are often exquisite decorations and auspicious symbols on the New Year's Eve dinner.

ZH: 今年的年夜饭我们准备了丰盛的海鲜宴。
EN: This year's New Year's Eve dinner, we prepared a feast of delicious seafood.

ZH: 年夜饭上，大家会说说笑笑，享受团聚的欢乐时光。
EN: At the New Year's Eve dinner, everyone laughs and enjoys the joy of reunion.

ZH: 年夜饭是让亲情更加浓厚的时刻。
EN: The New Year's Eve dinner is a moment that strengthens family bonds.

ZH: 每年我都期待着家人围坐在一起吃年夜饭的时刻。
EN: Every year, I look forward to the moment when my family gathers around to have a big New Year's Eve dinner.

ZH: 年夜饭是我们传承的文化习俗之一。
EN: Having a big New Year's Eve dinner is one of the cultural traditions we pass down.

ZH: 我们家的年夜饭菜色种类多样，令人垂涎欲滴。
EN: The variety of dishes at our family's New Year's Eve dinner is mouth-watering.

ZH: 姥姥特地做了我最爱吃的年糕，让我倍感温馨。
EN: Grandma specially made my favorite rice cake, making me feel warm and cozy.

ZH: 年夜饭是我们拉家常、交心意的时候。
EN: The New Year's Eve dinner is a time for us to chat and express our feelings.

ZH: 春节期间，年夜饭是全家团聚的重要节点。
EN: During the Spring Festival, the New Year's Eve dinner is an important moment for the whole family to gather together.
