ZH: 年初我们需要制定新一年的计划。
EN: At the beginning of the year, we need to create a plan for the new year.

ZH: 年初的时候，我总是会制定一些新的目标。
EN: At the beginning of the year, I always set some new goals.

ZH: 年初的气氛总是充满着希望和激情。
EN: The atmosphere at the beginning of the year is always filled with hope and passion.

ZH: 今年年初，我决定要更加努力地工作。
EN: At the beginning of this year, I decided to work harder.

ZH: 我们在年初的时候会举行一场盛大的庆祝活动。
EN: We will hold a grand celebration at the beginning of the year.

ZH: 年初是一个评估过去一年的好时机。
EN: The beginning of the year is a good time to evaluate the past year.

ZH: 今年年初，我决定要学一门新的语言。
EN: This year, at the beginning of the year, I decided to learn a new language.

ZH: 年初的时候，我们通常都会制定一些建设性的目标。
EN: At the beginning of the year, we usually set some constructive goals.

ZH: 年初时，人们经常会反思过去一年的经历。
EN: At the beginning of the year, people often reflect on their experiences from the past year.

ZH: 我们公司在年初的时候举行了一场盛大的庆典。
EN: Our company held a grand ceremony at the beginning of the year.

ZH: 年初时，我总是会写下一些新的愿望和目标。
EN: At the beginning of the year, I always write down new wishes and goals.

ZH: 在年初时，我会计划好整个新一年的旅行行程。
EN: At the beginning of the year, I plan the travel itinerary for the whole year.

ZH: 年初是一个很好的开始，让我们重新审视自己。
EN: The beginning of the year is a good start for us to reexamine ourselves.

ZH: 今年年初，我计划要开始一个新的项目。
EN: At the beginning of this year, I plan to start a new project.

ZH: 年初时，我总是会列出一些改进自己的计划。
EN: At the beginning of the year, I always list some plans to improve myself.

ZH: 在年初时，我会对过去的一年进行总结和回顾。
EN: At the beginning of the year, I summarize and review the past year.

ZH: 年初时，我们公司通常会召开一次全体员工大会。
EN: At the beginning of the year, our company usually holds a meeting for all employees.

ZH: 今年年初，我打算要学习一些新的技能。
EN: This year, at the beginning of the year, I plan to learn some new skills.

ZH: 年初是一个给自己设定新目标的好时机。
EN: The beginning of the year is a good time to set new goals for yourself.

ZH: 在年初时，我们需要对未来的计划有一个清晰的规划。
EN: At the beginning of the year, we need to have a clear plan for the future.
