ZH: 他年纪轻轻就成为了公司的总经理。
EN: He became the general manager of the company at a young age.

ZH: 她的年纪不小了，但仍然保持着年轻的心态。
EN: She is not young anymore, but she still maintains a youthful mentality.

ZH: 我的年纪比你大，但我们可以成为好朋友。
EN: I am older than you, but we can still be good friends.

ZH: 爷爷的年纪大了，需要我们的关心和照顾。
EN: Grandpa is getting old and needs our care and attention.

ZH: 儿子今年几岁了？他已经到了上学的年纪。
EN: How old is your son this year? He is already at the age to start school.

ZH: 她在这个年纪就成为了世界冠军。
EN: She became the world champion at this age.

ZH: 这个职位需要有一定的年纪和经验。
EN: This position requires a certain age and experience.

ZH: 他已经过了结婚的年纪，家人开始催他找对象。
EN: He is already past the age to get married, and his family is starting to pressure him to find a partner.

ZH: 她现在正处在适婚的年纪，家人开始介绍相亲对象。
EN: She is now at the right age to get married, and her family is starting to introduce potential suitors.

ZH: 这个工作是年轻人的首选，因为年纪轻轻就需要吃苦。
EN: This job is preferred by young people because it requires hard work at a young age.

ZH: 他已经是相当年纪大的音乐家了，受到了很多人的尊敬。
EN: He is already a fairly old musician and is respected by many.

ZH: 这本书适合各个年龄段的读者，不管年纪大小都能获得启发。
EN: This book is suitable for readers of all ages, providing inspiration regardless of age.

ZH: 因为年纪过大，他决定退休在家，享受晚年生活。
EN: Due to his advanced age, he decided to retire at home and enjoy his later years.

ZH: 在这个年纪，他已经应该独立生活，不再依赖父母。
EN: At this age, he should already be able to live independently and not rely on his parents.

ZH: 她已经到了要考虑家庭和事业平衡的年纪了。
EN: She has reached the age where she needs to consider balancing family and career.

ZH: 他虽然年纪轻，但已经被评为了杰出青年科学家。
EN: Although he is young, he has already been recognized as an outstanding young scientist.

ZH: 这个年纪的学生应该要努力学习，打好基础。
EN: Students of this age should work hard, lay a solid foundation for their future.

ZH: 儿童在这个年纪要学会独立思考和解决问题。
EN: Children at this age need to learn to think independently and solve problems.

ZH: 不要小看年纪大了的人，他们也可能有很多的智慧和经验。
EN: Do not underestimate older people; they may also have a lot of wisdom and experience.

ZH: 在这个年纪要学会尊重长辈和关爱年幼者。
EN: At this age, one should learn to respect elders and care for the young.
