ZH: 这部小说的故事发生在二战年间。
EN: The story of this novel takes place during the period of World War II.

ZH: 我们家的家谱可以追溯到清朝年间。
EN: Our family's genealogy can be traced back to the Qing Dynasty period.

ZH: 这首歌是在上世纪九十年代年间流行起来的。
EN: This song became popular during the 1990s.

ZH: 那个地区的经济在改革开放年间取得了巨大的发展。
EN: The economy of that region made tremendous progress during the period of reform and opening-up.

ZH: 在文艺复兴年间，很多艺术家都成为了伟大的大师。
EN: Many artists became great masters during the Renaissance period.

ZH: 在这个学校的建立年间，只有少数学生。
EN: Only a few students were present during the establishment period of this school.

ZH: 中国的长城修建于古代中国年间。
EN: The Great Wall of China was built during ancient Chinese times.

ZH: 他的成名是在二十世纪八十年代年间。
EN: He rose to fame during the 1980s.

ZH: 这个小镇的繁荣发展是在战后年间取得的。
EN: The prosperous development of this town was achieved during the post-war period.

ZH: 在过去的几十年年间，环境问题引起了广泛关注。
EN: Environmental issues have attracted widespread attention over the past decades.

ZH: 现代航空业在二十世纪起飞年间经历了巨大的变革。
EN: The modern aviation industry underwent significant changes during the takeoff period of the 20th century.

ZH: 在这个公司的发展年间，他担任了多个重要职位。
EN: He held several important positions during the development period of this company.

ZH: 许多新技术在最近几年的发展年间迅速推广开来。
EN: Many new technologies have been rapidly popularized during the recent years of development.

ZH: 在艰苦的战争年间，人们抵抗了敌人的侵略。
EN: People resisted enemy aggression during the difficult years of war.

ZH: 这项政策在过去五年年间取得了显著的成果。
EN: This policy has achieved remarkable results during the past five years.

ZH: 在旅行年间，他学到了很多有关不同文化的知识。
EN: He learned a lot about different cultures during his travel years.

ZH: 那个时期被称为文学黄金年间，出现了很多优秀作家。
EN: That period was known as the golden age of literature, with many outstanding writers emerging.

ZH: 在改革开放的年间，中国的经济实现了前所未有的增长。
EN: China's economy achieved unprecedented growth during the period of reform and opening-up.

ZH: 他们在世界杯比赛年间展现了出色的球技。
EN: They showed excellent skills during the World Cup tournament period.

ZH: 在这个城市的建设年间，大量的基础设施得到了完善。
EN: During the construction period of this city, a significant amount of infrastructure was improved.

ZH: 这个学校在过去的几十年年间培养了很多优秀的学生。
EN: This school has nurtured many outstanding students over the past decades.
