ZH: 这家公司在今年进行了两次并购。 (This company has carried out two mergers and acquisitions this year.)
EN: The company completed a dynamic merger and acquisition deal last quarter.

ZH: 他们计划并购一家竞争对手以扩大市场份额。 (They plan to acquire a competitor to expand market share.)
EN: They are planning a merger and acquisition deal to increase their market share.

ZH: 这次并购将使公司成为行业领导者。 (This merger and acquisition will make the company a leader in the industry.)
EN: The merger and acquisition will establish the company as an industry leader.

ZH: 并购最终成功了，公司现在更具竞争力。 (The merger and acquisition was successful, making the company more competitive.)
EN: The merger and acquisition has been completed, and the company is now more competitive.

ZH: 这家公司在并购过程中遇到了一些障碍。 (This company faced some obstacles during the merger and acquisition process.)
EN: The company encountered some hurdles during the merger and acquisition process.

ZH: 他们决定开始一场全球并购计划。 (They decided to start a global merger and acquisition plan.)
EN: They have decided to launch a global merger and acquisition initiative.

ZH: 最近一次并购带来了巨大的成功。 (The recent merger and acquisition brought great success.)
EN: The most recent merger and acquisition has brought tremendous success.

ZH: 并购完成后，员工出现了一些变化。 (After the merger and acquisition was completed, there were some changes in the employees.)
EN: Following the merger and acquisition, there were some changes in the employee structure.

ZH: 公司被激励继续进行更多的并购。 (The company is motivated to pursue more mergers and acquisitions.)
EN: The company is incentivized to continue with further merger and acquisition activities.

ZH: 这家公司计划参与一些大型并购交易。 (This company plans to be involved in some large-scale merger and acquisition transactions.)
EN: The company is set to engage in a number of major merger and acquisition deals.

ZH: 并购意味着更多的机会和挑战。 (Mergers and acquisitions mean more opportunities and challenges.)
EN: Mergers and acquisitions bring about additional opportunities and challenges.

ZH: 并购的成功是公司战略的关键组成部分。 (The success of mergers and acquisitions is a key component of the company's strategy.)
EN: The success of mergers and acquisitions is essential to the company's strategy.

ZH: 这家公司已制定了一项并购计划。 (This company has developed a merger and acquisition plan.)
EN: The company has put together a merger and acquisition strategy.

ZH: 并购需要充分的调查和准备。 (Mergers and acquisitions require thorough investigation and preparation.)
EN: Mergers and acquisitions necessitate comprehensive research and preparation.

ZH: 这场并购将促使公司进入新市场。 (This merger and acquisition will drive the company into new markets.)
EN: The merger and acquisition will push the company into new markets.

ZH: 公司面临着许多并购的选择。 (The company is presented with many merger and acquisition options.)
EN: The company is facing numerous merger and acquisition opportunities.

ZH: 他们计划进行一系列的并购活动以实现增长。 (They plan to engage in a series of merger and acquisition activities to achieve growth.)
EN: They plan to execute a series of mergers and acquisitions to facilitate growth.

ZH: 并购对公司的未来发展至关重要。 (Mergers and acquisitions are crucial to the company's future development.)
EN: Mergers and acquisitions are vital to the company's future growth.

ZH: 这次并购提高了公司的市场地位。 (This merger and acquisition enhanced the company's market position.)
EN: The merger and acquisition boosted the company's market standing.
