ZH: 幸亏你提醒了我关掉燃气炉，否则我忘记了。
EN: Luckily you reminded me to turn off the gas stove, otherwise I would have forgotten.
ZH: 幸亏你帮我改正了这个错误，否则我可能会遭受严重后果。
EN: Fortunately you helped me correct this mistake, otherwise I could have faced severe consequences.
ZH: 幸亏天气好，我们今天能够出去郊游。
EN: Luckily the weather is good, so we can go for an outing today.
ZH: 幸亏我提前准备了食物，这样我们就不用饿肚子了。
EN: Luckily I prepared food in advance so that we won't go hungry.
ZH: 幸亏你带了地图，不然我们会迷路的。
EN: Fortunately you brought a map; otherwise we would have gotten lost.
ZH: 幸亏我及时预约了医生，我的病情没恶化。
EN: Fortunately I made an appointment with the doctor on time, so my condition did not worsen.
ZH: 幸亏她懂得急救，我才没有因为这次事故而丧命。
EN: Luckily she knows first aid; otherwise I could have lost my life in this accident.
ZH: 幸亏他及时回来，不然我们会错过飞机的。
EN: Fortunately he came back in time; otherwise we would have missed the flight.
ZH: 幸亏我们走了捷径，不然我们会迟到的。
EN: Luckily we took a shortcut; otherwise we would have been late.
ZH: 幸亏他没有出门，不然他会被雨淋湿的。
EN: Luckily he didn't go out; otherwise he would have been caught in the rain.
ZH: 幸亏我带了雨伞，不然我会淋湿。
EN: Fortunately I brought an umbrella; otherwise I would have gotten wet.
ZH: 幸亏你提前通知我取消会议，不然我白跑了一趟。
EN: Luckily you informed me in advance about the cancellation of the meeting; otherwise I would have made a wasted trip.
ZH: 幸亏他有耐心，不然这个项目会一团糟。
EN: Fortunately he has patience; otherwise this project would have been a mess.
ZH: 幸亏我早上吃饱了，不然我会饿肚子的。
EN: Luckily I ate enough in the morning; otherwise I would have been hungry.
ZH: 幸亏她买了船票，不然我们无法到达对面。
EN: Fortunately she bought the boat tickets; otherwise we wouldn't be able to reach the other side.
ZH: 幸亏我复印了文件，不然我们找不到之前的记录。
EN: Luckily I made copies of the documents; otherwise we wouldn't have found the previous records.
ZH: 幸亏他们取消了比赛，不然我们会在暴风雨中参加。
EN: Fortunately they canceled the match; otherwise we would have participated in the storm.
ZH: 幸亏他帮我修了车，不然我会被困在路上。
EN: Luckily he helped me fix the car; otherwise I would have been stranded on the road.
ZH: 幸亏我提前购买了机票，不然现在可能已经没有位置了。
EN: Fortunately I bought the plane ticket in advance; otherwise there might not have been any available seats now.
ZH: 幸亏他们赶来帮忙，不然我们完成不了这个项目。
EN: Luckily they came to help; otherwise we wouldn't have been able to complete this project.
