ZH: 幸好他们带了伞，否则会被雨淋湿。
EN: Fortunately, they brought an umbrella, otherwise they would have been soaked by the rain.

ZH: 幸好我带了钱包，否则找不到地方买水。
EN: Luckily, I brought my wallet, otherwise I wouldn't have found a place to buy water.

ZH: 幸好她及时抓住了梯子，否则会摔倒。
EN: Fortunately, she grabbed the ladder in time, otherwise she would have fallen.

ZH: 幸好我们提前预定了酒店，否则就找不到住处了。
EN: Luckily, we booked the hotel in advance, otherwise we wouldn't have found a place to stay.

ZH: 幸好他们及时报警，否则损失会更大。
EN: Fortunately, they called the police in time, otherwise the damage would have been greater.

ZH: 幸好我存了些钱，否则旅行无法支付。
EN: Luckily, I saved some money, otherwise I wouldn't have been able to afford the trip.

ZH: 幸好我们准备得充分，否则比赛可能会失败。
EN: Fortunately, we were well-prepared, otherwise the competition might have failed.

ZH: 幸好我放了天线，否则电视信号会不稳定。
EN: Luckily, I put up an antenna, otherwise the TV signal would have been unstable.

ZH: 幸好我及时回家，否则错过了重要的包裹。
EN: Fortunately, I came home in time, otherwise I would have missed an important package.

ZH: 幸好我记住了密码，否则无法登录。
EN: Luckily, I remembered the password, otherwise I wouldn't have been able to log in.

ZH: 幸好我戴了眼镜，否则看不清楚字。
EN: Fortunately, I wore glasses, otherwise I wouldn't be able to see the words clearly.

ZH: 幸好我带了保暖衣物，否则会冻成冰块。
EN: Luckily, I brought warm clothes, otherwise I would have frozen.

ZH: 幸好赵教授解释得清楚，否则我理解不了这个概念。
EN: Fortunately, Professor Zhao explained it clearly, otherwise I wouldn't have understood this concept.

ZH: 幸好他们定了一部分食物，否则我们明天没东西吃。
EN: Luckily, they ordered some food, otherwise we wouldn't have anything to eat tomorrow.

ZH: 幸好我准备了备用电池，否则手机没电了就麻烦了。
EN: Fortunately, I prepared spare batteries, otherwise it would have been troublesome if my phone ran out of battery.

ZH: 幸好我把车油箱加满了，否则中途会没油。
EN: Luckily, I filled up the car's gas tank, otherwise we would have run out of fuel halfway.

ZH: 幸好老师给了我们留言，否则我们不知道作业已经延期了。
EN: Fortunately, the teacher left us a message, otherwise we wouldn't have known that the assignment was postponed.

ZH: 幸好我买了保险，否则车祸的损失要自己承担。
EN: Luckily, I bought insurance, otherwise I would have to bear the cost of the accident myself.

ZH: 幸好他找到了另一份工作，否则被裁员的人会很困难。
EN: Fortunately, he found another job, otherwise people who were laid off would be in a difficult situation.

ZH: 幸好我带了备用药，否则旅途中生病就麻烦了。
EN: Luckily, I brought spare medicine, otherwise it would have been troublesome if I fell ill during the journey.
