ZH: 这次任务的截止日期需要延长一周。
EN: The deadline for this task needs to be extended by one week.

ZH: 他们决定将婚礼的持续时间延长到两天。
EN: They decided to extend the duration of the wedding to two days.

ZH: 这个项目的计划已经被延长了一个月。
EN: The project's timeline has been extended by one month.

ZH: 为保持体形，你需要延长每天的锻炼时间。
EN: To maintain your shape, you need to extend your daily workout time.

ZH: 由于恶劣天气，航班被延长了两个小时。
EN: The flight was extended by two hours due to severe weather conditions.

ZH: 为了增加产量，他们决定延长工厂的营业时间。
EN: In order to increase production, they decided to extend the factory's operating hours.

ZH: 我们必须延长会议的持续时间，以讨论这个重要的议题。
EN: We must extend the duration of the meeting to discuss this important issue.

ZH: 考试的时间将会因为电力故障而延长。
EN: The exam time will be extended due to a power outage.

ZH: 他请求将合同的有效期延长一年。
EN: He requested to extend the contract's validity period by one year.

ZH: 由于交通拥堵，我们不得不延长通勤的时间。
EN: Due to traffic congestion, we had to extend the commuting time.

ZH: 为了增加电池寿命，你应该延长设备的待机时间。
EN: To increase the battery life, you should extend the standby time of the device.

ZH: 基于这些结果，我们将进一步延长研究的时间。
EN: Based on these results, we will further extend the research time.

ZH: 请注意，我们不会延长购买团购券的有效期。
EN: Please note that we will not extend the validity period of purchased vouchers.

ZH: 老板同意将员工的假期申请延长到下个月。
EN: The boss agreed to extend the employee's holiday request until next month.

ZH: 因为场地问题，音乐会的时间被延长了一个小时。
EN: Due to venue issues, the concert time was extended by an hour.

ZH: 为了更好地理解这个概念，我们需要延长讲座的时间。
EN: To better understand this concept, we need to extend the lecture time.

ZH: 建议将网站更新的计划延长至下周。
EN: It is recommended to extend the website update plan to next week.

ZH: 为了准时完成工作，我们需要延长每天工作的时间。
EN: In order to complete the work on time, we need to extend the daily working hours.

ZH: 由于装修工程延迟，开业日期被延长了一个星期。
EN: Due to delays in renovation works, the opening date has been extended by a week.

ZH: 请注意，任何请求延长付款期限的申请都必须提前提交。
EN: Please note that any request to extend the payment deadline must be submitted in advance.
