ZH: 我们要共同努力，建设一个绿色的环境。
EN: We need to work together to build a green environment.

ZH: 政府正在加大力度，加快城市基础设施的建设。
EN: The government is stepping up efforts to accelerate the construction of urban infrastructure.

ZH: 学校正在建设一个新的图书馆，提供更多的学习资源。
EN: The school is constructing a new library to provide more learning resources.

ZH: 他将在农村建设一个希望小学，帮助贫困地区的学生。
EN: He will build a Hope Primary School in the rural area to help students in poverty-stricken regions.

ZH: 我们需要制定明确的规划，促进城乡一体化建设。
EN: We need to develop clear plans to promote the integration of urban and rural development.

ZH: 工人们正在加班加点，争取按时完成工程建设任务。
EN: The workers are working overtime to complete the construction project on time.

ZH: 这条高速公路的建设将缩短两个城市的距离。
EN: The construction of this highway will shorten the distance between the two cities.

ZH: 他们的目标是建设一个无犯罪的社区，提供安全的居住环境。
EN: Their goal is to build a crime-free community that provides a safe living environment.

ZH: 我们需要发展绿色建筑技术，提高能源利用效率。
EN: We need to develop green building technologies to improve energy efficiency.

ZH: 政府已经投入大量资金，加强基础设施建设。
EN: The government has invested a large amount of funds to strengthen infrastructure construction.

ZH: 这座城市的建设需要集聚各方力量。
EN: The construction of this city requires the collective effort of all parties involved.

ZH: 我们要加强水利设施的建设，确保人民的饮水安全。
EN: We need to strengthen the construction of water conservancy facilities to ensure people's drinking water safety.

ZH: 每个居民都应该积极参与社区建设。
EN: Every resident should actively participate in community construction.

ZH: 他们计划在这个地区建设一个大型商业中心。
EN: They plan to build a large commercial center in this area.

ZH: 我们的目标是建设一个和谐的社会，实现共同发展。
EN: Our goal is to build a harmonious society and achieve common development.

ZH: 这个国家致力于建设一个创新型的经济体系。
EN: This country is committed to building an innovative economic system.

ZH: 我们要加强农村建设，提高农民的生活水平。
EN: We need to strengthen rural development and improve the living standards of farmers.

ZH: 他奉献了大部分时间和精力，用心建设他的家园。
EN: He devoted most of his time and energy to building his home with care.

ZH: 我们必须牢记建设和谐社会的使命。
EN: We must bear in mind the mission of building a harmonious society.

ZH: 这个项目的建设将为当地带来更多的工作机会。
EN: The construction of this project will bring more job opportunities to the local area.
