ZH: 开学的第一天，学校里充满了喜庆的气氛。
EN: On the first day of school, the school was filled with a festive atmosphere.

ZH: 开学之前，学生们都在忙着准备新学期的课程。
EN: Before the start of school, students were all busy preparing for the new semester.

ZH: 开学后，学生们要迅速适应新的学习环境。
EN: After the start of school, students need to quickly adapt to the new learning environment.

ZH: 开学典礼上，学校领导发表了重要讲话。
EN: At the opening ceremony, school leaders gave important speeches.

ZH: 开学的时候，学生们相互之间交流感受。
EN: During the beginning of school, students exchanged their thoughts with each other.

ZH: 开学后，学校开始实施新的教学计划。
EN: After the start of school, the school began implementing a new teaching plan.

ZH: 明天就是开学日了，你准备好了吗？
EN: Tomorrow is the first day of school, are you ready?

ZH: 开学之后，学生们要认真完成老师布置的作业。
EN: After the start of school, students need to diligently complete the assignments given by the teacher.

ZH: 开学了，我终于可以见到老师和同学们了。
EN: School has started, and I can finally see my teachers and classmates.

ZH: 开学前，家长们都在为孩子们准备各种学习用品。
EN: Before the start of school, parents were all preparing various learning materials for their children.

ZH: 开学将近，学生们都在享受着最后的假期时光。
EN: With school starting soon, students are enjoying the last days of vacation.

ZH: 开学第一天，新生们都感到非常紧张。
EN: On the first day of school, the freshmen all felt very nervous.

ZH: 开学已经一个月了，学生们的学习状态逐渐调整过来了。
EN: It's been a month since school started, and students' study habits are gradually adjusting.

ZH: 开学的时候，学校里人声鼎沸，热闹非凡。
EN: At the beginning of school, the school was bustling with noise and excitement.

ZH: 开学季节，商家纷纷推出促销活动。
EN: During the back-to-school season, businesses are launching sales promotions.

ZH: 开学后，学校里的食堂也增加了新菜品。
EN: After the start of school, the cafeteria in the school also added new dishes.

ZH: 开学前夕，学生们都在准备新的校服。
EN: On the eve of the start of school, students were all preparing new school uniforms.

ZH: 开学后，学校开始进行新生军训。
EN: After the start of school, the school began new student military training.

ZH: 开学第一周，老师们都会给学生们布置不少的作业。
EN: In the first week of school, teachers will assign a lot of homework to students.

ZH: 开学之后，学生们要尽快找到自己的学习节奏。
EN: After the start of school, students need to quickly find their own study rhythm.
