ZH: 我们学校的后面正在建设一个新的开发区。
EN: A new development zone is being built behind our school.

ZH: 开发区的建设提高了当地居民的生活水平。
EN: The development zone construction has improved the living standards of the local residents.

ZH: 明天我们要去开发区考察。
EN: Tomorrow we are going to visit the development zone for inspection.

ZH: 这个城市的开发区在过去几年里迅速发展。
EN: The development zone of this city has developed rapidly in the past few years.

ZH: 开发区的规划是为了更好地引进企业。
EN: The development zone planning is aimed at attracting more enterprises.

ZH: 领导们对开发区的规划进行了认真研究。
EN: The leaders conducted a thorough study on the planning of the development zone.

ZH: 物流中心将从开发区直接运输货物。
EN: The logistics center will transport goods directly from the development zone.

ZH: 开发区的投资者对未来发展充满信心。
EN: Investors in the development zone are confident in the future development.

ZH: 这个小城市希望通过建设开发区来促进当地经济。
EN: The small town hopes to promote the local economy through the construction of a development zone.

ZH: 欢迎各界人士来参观我们的开发区。
EN: Welcome people from all walks of life to visit our development zone.

ZH: 我们计划在开发区建立一个研发中心。
EN: We plan to establish a research and development center in the development zone.

ZH: 这个城市的开发区拥有先进的生产技术。
EN: The development zone of this city has advanced production technology.

ZH: 我们需要更多的资金来支持开发区的建设。
EN: We need more funds to support the construction of the development zone.

ZH: 开发区的环境保护工作得到了重视。
EN: Environmental protection in the development zone has been given priority.

ZH: 他们决定在开发区购买一块地皮建厂。
EN: They decided to purchase a piece of land in the development zone to build a factory.

ZH: 开发区的交通条件一直在不断改善。
EN: The transportation conditions in the development zone have been continuously improving.

ZH: 这次会议的主题是关于开发区的规划。
EN: The theme of this meeting is about the planning of the development zone.

ZH: 开发区的企业品牌影响力逐渐扩大。
EN: The brand influence of enterprises in the development zone is gradually expanding.

ZH: 我们要把开发区打造成一个现代化产业基地。
EN: We aim to build the development zone into a modern industrial base.

ZH: 开发区的建设将为当地带来更多就业机会。
EN: The construction of the development zone will bring more job opportunities to the local residents.
