ZH: 为了发展旅游业，我们决定在附近的山区开辟一条新的徒步路径。
EN: In order to develop the tourism industry, we decided to open up a new hiking trail in the nearby mountains.

ZH: 学校正在计划开辟一块空地作为学生的体育活动区。
EN: The school is planning to open up a vacant lot as a sports activity area for students.

ZH: 政府计划在这个城市开辟一片绿地公园，以改善市民生活质量。
EN: The government plans to open up a green park in this city to improve the quality of life for residents.

ZH: 这个公司正在寻找新的市场机会，希望能够开辟国际市场。
EN: This company is looking for new market opportunities, hoping to open up the international market.

ZH: 为了扩大业务规模，我们需要开辟新的销售渠道。
EN: In order to expand our business, we need to open up new sales channels.

ZH: 科学家们正在尝试开辟新的疾病治疗方法。
EN: Scientists are trying to open up new treatment methods for diseases.

ZH: 我们需要开辟更多的就业机会，以解决失业问题。
EN: We need to open up more job opportunities to solve the problem of unemployment.

ZH: 这个计划将帮助开辟更多的教育资源，让更多的孩子接受良好的教育。
EN: This plan will help open up more educational resources for more children to receive a good education.

ZH: 研究人员已经成功开辟了一种新的节能技术。
EN: Researchers have successfully opened up a new energy-saving technology.

ZH: 这家公司正努力开辟新的商业合作伙伴关系。
EN: This company is working hard to open up new business partnerships.

ZH: 他们的目标是开辟一条直达市中心的便捷交通路线。
EN: Their goal is to open up a convenient transportation route that leads directly to the city center.

ZH: 这个项目的成功开辟了新的科研领域。
EN: The success of this project has opened up new research areas.

ZH: 他们希望开辟一片新的农田，种植更多的有机农作物。
EN: They hope to open up a new farmland and grow more organic crops.

ZH: 这部电影开辟了一种崭新的电影风格。
EN: This film has opened up a brand-new film style.

ZH: 她努力工作，想要开辟自己的事业。
EN: She works hard and wants to open up her own business.

ZH: 这些新政策将有助于开辟更多的商业机会。
EN: These new policies will help open up more business opportunities.

ZH: 这项工程将开辟一条新的输电线路。
EN: This project will open up a new power transmission line.

ZH: 他们正在努力开辟一个新的市场，希望能取得成功。
EN: They are working hard to open up a new market, hoping to be successful.

ZH: 这个展览会将开辟新的人才交流平台。
EN: This exhibition will open up a new talent exchange platform.

ZH: 我们需要开辟新的音乐教育项目，促进孩子们的全面发展。
EN: We need to open up new music education programs to promote the all-round development of children.
