ZH: 他为了追上前面的车辆开足了马力。
EN: He accelerated the car to catch up with the vehicle ahead.

ZH: 汽车比赛开始时，所有选手都会开足马力。
EN: During the car race, all participants will give it their all.

ZH: 他们在高速公路上开足马力，以便尽快到达目的地。
EN: They drove at full speed on the highway in order to reach their destination quickly.

ZH: 这辆跑车的发动机能够开足马力达到每小时300公里。
EN: The engine of this sports car can reach a top speed of 300 kilometers per hour.

ZH: 为了赶上班车，他开足了马力。
EN: In order to catch the bus, he accelerated as much as possible.

ZH: 赛车手们一听到起跑信号就开始开足马力。
EN: The race car drivers start accelerating at the sound of the starting signal.

ZH: 这款新的电动汽车可以开足马力行驶300公里后再次充电。
EN: This new electric car can run for 300 kilometers before needing to be recharged.

ZH: 他的摩托车开足了马力，从城市中心飞快地驶出去。
EN: He accelerated his motorcycle to its maximum power and quickly left the city center.

ZH: 汽车竞速比赛中，选手们会努力开足马力争夺冠军。
EN: In a car racing competition, participants strive to give it their all to win the championship.

ZH: 司机们经过长时间的排练，能够迅速开足马力避免意外。
EN: After extensive rehearsal, the drivers are able to quickly accelerate to avoid accidents.

ZH: 在起跑线上，选手们瞬间开足了马力。
EN: On the starting line, the participants instantly accelerate to their maximum power.

ZH: 这辆卡车开足了马力，轻松托起重货。
EN: The truck easily lifted the heavy cargo by driving at full power.

ZH: 他为了赢得比赛不断开足马力。
EN: He continuously accelerated to win the race.

ZH: 战斗机飞行员在作战时会开足马力。
EN: Fighter jet pilots will give it their all during combat missions.

ZH: 许多车手开足了马力，争夺第一名。
EN: Many drivers accelerated to compete for first place.

ZH: 汽车制造商为了提高燃料效率，减少开足马力的次数。
EN: Automobile manufacturers aim to reduce the frequency of accelerating to improve fuel efficiency.

ZH: 当他看到机会时，他迅速开足了马力离开现场。
EN: When he saw an opportunity, he quickly accelerated and left the scene.

ZH: 这种船只的引擎能够开足马力航行长距离。
EN: The engine of this type of boat can travel long distances at full power.

ZH: 赛车手们经过专业训练，知道何时开足马力获得最佳效果。
EN: The race car drivers, through professional training, know when to accelerate for optimal results.

ZH: 机动车司机必须谨慎开足马力，以避免危险驾驶行为。
EN: Motor vehicle drivers must be cautious when accelerating to avoid reckless driving behavior.
