ZH: 他喜欢在晚上独自散步，异想天开地构思着未来的计划。
EN: He enjoys taking solitary walks at night, fantasizing about future plans.

ZH: 尽管她的想法常常异想天开，但她总能带给我们惊喜。
EN: Although her ideas are often fantastical, she always manages to surprise us.

ZH: 他看到一架飞机飞过，脑海中立刻异想天开起了一个环游世界的冒险故事。
EN: He saw a plane fly by and immediately started daydreaming about an adventure to travel around the world.

ZH: 她的聪明才智常常让我觉得她的思维是异想天开的。
EN: Her intelligence often makes me feel like her thinking is outlandish.

ZH: 老师鼓励学生们多发挥想象力，不怕异想天开。
EN: The teacher encourages the students to use their imagination and not be afraid of having wild ideas.

ZH: 这个小孩总是有着异想天开的想法，常常令家人啼笑皆非。
EN: This child always has whimsical ideas that often make their family both laugh and cry.

ZH: 他的计划过于异想天开，根本没有可行性。
EN: His plan is too fantastical and has no feasibility at all.

ZH: 她的谈话总是充满异想天开的幻想，像是从童话故事中走出来的一样。
EN: Her conversations are always filled with fantastical fantasies, as if she stepped out of a fairy tale.

ZH: 小明的头脑活跃，总是想出一些异想天开的解决方案。
EN: Xiaoming has a lively mind and always comes up with outlandish solutions.

ZH: 有时候我们需要一些异想天开的想法来创造新的机会。
EN: Sometimes we need some eccentric ideas to create new opportunities.

ZH: 他的艺术作品总是带有异想天开的独特风格。
EN: His artworks always have a whimsical and unique style.

ZH: 虽然他的建议有点异想天开，但也值得我们考虑。
EN: Although his suggestions are a bit outrageous, they are worth considering.

ZH: 那个小伙子总是能够用异想天开的方式解决问题。
EN: That young man is always able to solve problems in a creative and unconventional way.

ZH: 她的梦想有点异想天开，但她总是全力追求着。
EN: Her dreams are a bit far-fetched, but she always pursues them with all her might.

ZH: 有时候，我喜欢异想天开地想象自己是一个超级英雄。
EN: Sometimes, I enjoy daydreaming and imagining myself as a superhero.

ZH: 他的小说总是充满了异想天开的奇幻故事。
EN: His novels are always filled with outlandish fantasy stories.

ZH: 他有一种异想天开的天才创造力，总能带来突破性的创新。
EN: He has a genius creativity that is outlandish and can bring breakthrough innovations.

ZH: 他的想法远远超出了我们的想象，可以说是异想天开。
EN: His ideas are far beyond our imagination, it could be said that they are outlandish.

ZH: 这个科学家的研究领域总是让人觉得异想天开。
EN: The research field of this scientist always makes people feel like they are fantasizing.

ZH: 他的梦想初看起来像是一个异想天开的幻想，但他却一步步实现了它。
EN: His dream seemed like a fantastical fantasy at first glance, but he gradually made it a reality.
