ZH: 他想让我每天都去跳舞，可是我真的很忙，这个任务对我来说真是强人所难。
EN: He wants me to go dancing every day, but I'm really busy. This task is really challenging for me.

ZH: 星期五晚上，我有一个重要的家庭聚会，所以不能参加你的生日派对，这次真的是强人所难。
EN: I have an important family gathering on Friday night, so I can't attend your birthday party. This time it's really tough for me.

ZH: 我很想去旅行，但是我正在为考试做准备，所以去旅行目前对我来说是强人所难。
EN: I really want to go on a trip, but I'm currently preparing for exams, so traveling is really difficult for me at the moment.

ZH: 星期天我们要举行团队建设活动，可是我已经有其他约会了，这次参加团队活动真的是强人所难。
EN: We have a team-building activity on Sunday, but I already have other plans. Attending the team activity this time is really challenging for me.

ZH: 我的朋友邀请我去滑雪，可是我不会滑雪，所以这个邀请实际上是强人所难。
EN: My friend invited me to go skiing, but I don't know how to ski, so this invitation is actually really challenging for me.

ZH: 我们班要举行一场戏剧表演，每个人都要扮演一个角色，但是我对演戏没有兴趣，这次参演真的是强人所难。
EN: Our class is going to have a theatrical performance, and everyone has to play a role. But I'm not interested in acting, so participating this time is really difficult for me.

ZH: 我的老板要求我在短时间内完成一项巨大的工作项目，但是我同时还有其他任务，所以完成这个项目是强人所难。
EN: My boss asked me to complete a huge work project in a short period of time, but I also have other tasks at the same time, so finishing this project is really challenging for me.

ZH: 我的家人希望我能每天晚上都和他们共进晚餐，但是我有时候工作到很晚，回家吃晚餐对我来说是强人所难。
EN: My family wants me to have dinner with them every evening, but sometimes I work late, so going home for dinner is really difficult for me.

ZH: 我的朋友邀请我去攀岩，但是我害怕高度，攀岩对我来说真的是强人所难。
EN: My friend invited me to go rock climbing, but I'm afraid of heights. Rock climbing is really challenging for me.

ZH: 我的同事要求我通过电话向客户提供协助，但是我不擅长与陌生人打交道，所以给客户打电话对我来说是强人所难。
EN: My colleague asked me to assist clients over the phone, but I'm not good at dealing with strangers, so making phone calls to clients is really difficult for me.

ZH: 我的朋友希望我参加她的生日惊喜派对，但是我不能去因为我已经有其他计划了，这次参加派对真的是强人所难。
EN: My friend wants me to attend her surprise birthday party, but I can't go because I already have other plans. Attending the party this time is really challenging for me.

ZH: 我的上司要求我在两天内完成一份重要的报告，但是我同时还有其他工作要处理，所以完成这份报告是强人所难。
EN: My boss asked me to complete an important report within two days, but I also have other work to handle, so finishing this report is really challenging for me.

ZH: 我父母希望我每天都去健身房锻炼，但是我经常加班，所以去健身房对我来说真的是强人所难。
EN: My parents want me to go to the gym every day to exercise, but I often work overtime, so going to the gym is really challenging for me.

ZH: 我的男朋友想让我学习他的爱好，但是我对他的爱好没有兴趣，学习他的爱好对我来说是强人所难。
EN: My boyfriend wants me to learn his hobbies, but I'm not interested in his hobbies, so learning his hobbies is really difficult for me.

ZH: 我朋友想要我帮她搬家，但是我今天已经安排了其他的活动，所以帮她搬家实在是强人所难。
EN: My friend wants me to help her move, but I already have other plans for today, so helping her move is really challenging for me.

ZH: 我的同事要求我接受一个新的工作职责，但是我已经感到非常忙碌了，因此接受这个新任务实在是强人所难。
EN: My colleague asked me to take on a new job responsibility, but I already feel very busy, so accepting this new task is really difficult for me.

ZH: 我的朋友要求我每天都和她视频聊天，但是我每天都有很多事情要做，和她视频聊天对我来说是强人所难。
EN: My friend wants me to video chat with her every day, but I have a lot of things to do every day, so video chatting with her is really challenging for me.

ZH: 我的领导希望我马上去参加一个重要的会议，但是我目前正在外地出差，所以参加会议对我来说真的是强人所难。
EN: My boss wants me to attend an important meeting right away, but I'm currently on a business trip, so attending the meeting is really difficult for me.

ZH: 我的家人想让我陪他们去郊外野餐，但是我已经有其他计划了，所以陪他们去野餐是强人所难。
EN: My family wants me to accompany them for a picnic in the countryside, but I already have other plans, so going for a picnic with them is really challenging for me.
