ZH: 我的办公室在大楼的最高层，我坐在一个高脚椅子上，俯瞰着整个城市的美景当中。
EN: My office is on the highest floor of the building, and I sit on a high chair, overlooking the beautiful scenery of the entire city.

ZH: 走在繁忙的街道当中，我感到仿佛时间凝固了。
EN: Walking in the busy street, I feel like time has frozen.

ZH: 当中有一些人是我从前在学校认识的。
EN: Among them, some people are those whom I knew in school before.

ZH: 我们办公室的会议室意见分歧较大，你必须站在中立的立场当中。
EN: There is a big difference of opinions in our office meeting room, and you have to stand in a neutral position.

ZH: 赛车比赛当中，他保持了始终领先的位置。
EN: He maintained a leading position throughout the racing competition.

ZH: 她在朋友聚会当中遇到了自己失散多年的姐姐。
EN: She met her long-lost sister during a friend's gathering.

ZH: 当中还有一本我曾经借给你的书。
EN: Among them, there was a book I lent you before.

ZH: 我乘坐火车的时候最喜欢坐在靠窗户的位置当中。
EN: When I'm on a train, I always prefer to sit in the middle of the seat next to the window.

ZH: 这些学生中当中有一部分来自不同的国家。
EN: Among these students, there are some from different countries.

ZH: 当中你不能说更多的话，只能听了。
EN: Among them, you can't say more, you can only listen.

ZH: 在所有电影的系列中，我最喜欢哈利波特当中的第四部。
EN: Among all the movie series, my favorite is the fourth one in the Harry Potter series.

ZH: 餐厅的菜单当中有很多种类的美食。
EN: Among the restaurant's menu, there are many types of delicacies.

ZH: 我没有参与讨论的话，就很难知道讨论当中的细节。
EN: It's difficult to know the details of the discussion if I don't participate.

ZH: 当中有一个人的名字我完全不认识。
EN: Among them, there is one person whose name I don't recognize at all.

ZH: 我没有从他的话当中听出他在开玩笑。
EN: I couldn't tell that he was joking from his words.

ZH: 我们需要以中性的角度审视当中的问题。
EN: We need to examine the issues from a neutral perspective.

ZH: 选举当中发生了许多争议性的事件。
EN: Many controversial events happened during the elections.

ZH: 这个菜单当中没有我最喜欢的食物。
EN: My favorite food is not on this menu.

ZH: 快到达火车站了，在乘客当中有人大声喊道。
EN: We are almost at the train station, and among the passengers, someone shouted loudly.

ZH: 博物馆内藏品当中有一件世界级的艺术品。
EN: Among the museum's collections, there is a world-class piece of artwork.
