ZH: 我的取景器坏了，无法得以拍摄美丽的景色。
EN: My camera viewfinder is broken, I am unable to capture the beautiful scenery.

ZH: 她付出了很多努力，以得以顺利晋升。
EN: She put in a lot of effort in order to be promoted smoothly.

ZH: 他终于得以见到儿子的笑容，感到非常幸福。
EN: He finally got to see his son's smile and felt very happy.

ZH: 他有一颗乐观的心态，以得以克服人生中的挑战。
EN: He has an optimistic mindset in order to overcome the challenges in life.

ZH: 只有学好英语，我们才得以更好地了解外国文化。
EN: Only by learning English can we better understand foreign cultures.

ZH: 父母为了孩子的幸福，付出了许多牺牲得以供他们上大学。
EN: Parents make many sacrifices in order to provide their children with the opportunity to attend university.

ZH: 他努力学习，得以考上理想的大学。
EN: He studied hard and was able to get into his dream university.

ZH: 通过细心的规划，我们得以充分利用每一天的时间。
EN: Through careful planning, we are able to make full use of every day's time.

ZH: 有了财务支持，他得以开办自己的企业。
EN: With financial support, he was able to start his own business.

ZH: 喜欢旅行的人，得以探索各个不同的国家和文化。
EN: People who love to travel get to explore different countries and cultures.

ZH: 通过持续不断的努力，他们得以实现自己的梦想。
EN: Through continuous effort, they were able to achieve their dreams.

ZH: 只有通过教育，我们得以改变社会。
EN: Only through education can we bring about change in society.

ZH: 每个人都希望得以得到尊重和认可。
EN: Everyone wants to be respected and acknowledged.

ZH: 在理解他人的观点之后，我们得以更好地沟通和合作。
EN: After understanding other people's perspectives, we can communicate and collaborate better.

ZH: 受到良好的家庭教育，孩子得以建立健康的人格。
EN: With good family education, children are able to develop a healthy personality.

ZH: 他们得以在一个和平的环境中成长和发展。
EN: They are able to grow and develop in a peaceful environment.

ZH: 通过互相支持，我们得以共同度过困难时期。
EN: Through mutual support, we can get through difficult times together.

ZH: 只有积极向上的心态，我们才得以克服困难。
EN: Only with a positive mindset can we overcome difficulties.

ZH: 有了正确的指导，他们得以找到自己的人生方向。
EN: With the right guidance, they were able to find their life directions.

ZH: 通过勤奋学习，我们得以不断提升自己。
EN: Through diligent studying, we can constantly improve ourselves.

ZH: 只有诚实守信，我们才得以建立良好的信任关系。
EN: Only by being honest and trustworthy can we build a good relationship of trust.
