ZH: 我终于得救了，离开了那个灾难现场。
EN: I was finally rescued and escaped from that disaster scene.

ZH: 他们在危险的海域漂流了几天，最终得救了。
EN: They drifted in the dangerous sea for several days and were finally rescued.

ZH: 那个困在山洞里的小猫终于被得救了。
EN: The little cat trapped in the cave was finally rescued.

ZH: 他在意外中失去意识，幸运地得救了。
EN: He lost consciousness in the accident but luckily got rescued.

ZH: 挪威的旅游船在暴风雨中沉没，无人幸存得救。
EN: The tourist boat in Norway sank in a storm, and no one survived to be rescued.

ZH: 这个小女孩差点淹死，赶上及时得救。
EN: The little girl almost drowned but was saved just in time.

ZH: 他在海边迷路了，最后是一位好心人帮他得救的。
EN: He got lost by the sea and was eventually rescued by a kind-hearted person.

ZH: 三个登山者丧失了方向，直到救援队来将他们得救。
EN: Three mountaineers lost their way until the rescue team arrived to save them.

ZH: 那个落水的人在激流中挣扎，差点被冲走，最后被救生员得救了。
EN: The person who fell into the water struggled in the rapids and almost got washed away, but was ultimately saved by a lifeguard.

ZH: 在山火中困住的野生动物最终得救了。
EN: The wild animals trapped in the forest fire were eventually saved.

ZH: 她失去了平衡，差点从悬崖上摔下去，幸好拉住了树枝被救了下来。
EN: She lost her balance and almost fell off the cliff, but luckily grabbed onto a branch and got rescued.

ZH: 那群被敌军围困的士兵，最后被友军俘虏给救了出来。
EN: The group of soldiers surrounded by enemy forces were finally rescued when they were captured by friendly troops.

ZH: 在大雪中迷路的雪地探险队员，得到救援队的帮助才得救。
EN: The snow expedition team that got lost in heavy snow was only saved with the help of the rescue team.

ZH: 这位年长的妇女在山里迷路了，被搜寻队找到后得救了。
EN: The elderly woman got lost in the mountains and was rescued after being found by the search team.

ZH: 在泥石流中被困的村民幸运地逃生并得到救援。
EN: The villagers trapped in the mudslide luckily escaped and received rescue.

ZH: 雪崩发生后，登山者被掩埋，但幸好几个人被救援队及时得救了。
EN: After the avalanche, the climbers were buried, but fortunately, several of them were saved by the rescue team in time.

ZH: 这位受伤的登山者在高海拔地区苦苦等待救援，最终终于得救了。
EN: The injured climber waited desperately for rescue in the high-altitude area and finally got saved.

ZH: 船只在暴风雨中沉没，船上的乘客全都得救了吗？
EN: Did all the passengers on the boat get saved when it sank in the storm?

ZH: 他跌下悬崖后被救援队找到并得救了。
EN: He was found and rescued by the rescue team after falling off the cliff.

ZH: 地震后，救援队伍迅速行动，将被埋的人从废墟中得救了。
EN: After the earthquake, the rescue teams acted swiftly and saved the buried people from the rubble.
