ZH: 她总是心慈手软，连打小动物都不舍得。
EN: She is always kind-hearted and soft-handed, she can't even bear to hit small animals.

ZH: 我对待家里的植物总是心慈手软，不忍心让它们受伤。
EN: I always treat the plants in my house with kindness and gentleness, I can't bear to let them get hurt.

ZH: 他心慈手软，常常在街头给乞丐们钱。
EN: He is kind-hearted and soft-handed, often giving money to beggars on the street.

ZH: 她是个心慈手软的人，无论谁有困难，她都会伸出援手。
EN: She is a kind-hearted and soft-handed person, always willing to lend a helping hand to those in need.

ZH: 在动物园工作的人都是心慈手软的人。
EN: People who work in the zoo are kind-hearted and soft-handed.

ZH: 他看到别人受了欺负，那种心慈手软的感觉让他无法置之不理。
EN: He can't ignore it when he sees someone being bullied, that kind-hearted and soft-handed feeling makes him unable to just stand by.

ZH: 我的朋友是个心慈手软的人，经常帮助那些需要帮助的人。
EN: My friend is a kind-hearted and soft-handed person, often helping those in need.

ZH: 那个老人对待小动物总是心慈手软，从不伤害它们。
EN: That old man always treats small animals with kindness and gentleness, never harming them.

ZH: 我们应该心慈手软对待那些犯错的人，给予他们改正的机会。
EN: We should be kind-hearted and soft-handed towards those who make mistakes, giving them a chance to correct them.

ZH: 作为警察，他必须时刻保持警惕，不能总是心慈手软。
EN: As a police officer, he must always be vigilant, and not always be kind-hearted and soft-handed.

ZH: 他的心慈手软让他在这个社会里容易受伤。
EN: His kind-hearted and soft-handed nature makes him vulnerable in this society.

ZH: 母亲的心慈手软让她经常被人利用。
EN: Mother's kind-hearted and soft-handed nature often makes her taken advantage of by others.

ZH: 在竞争激烈的职场上，心慈手软的人往往会吃亏。
EN: In a competitive workplace, kind-hearted and soft-handed people often suffer losses.

ZH: 我很心慈手软，即使对待敌人也是如此。
EN: I am very kind-hearted and soft-handed, even towards my enemies.

ZH: 对待冤家要心慈手软，也许可以散去仇恨。
EN: Treat your enemies with kindness and gentleness, maybe you can dispel hatred.

ZH: 作为领导者，要心慈手软，但也要有分寸。
EN: As a leader, you should be kind-hearted and soft-handed, but also have boundaries.

ZH: 当父母很难做到心慈手软，时刻保持严格。
EN: It is difficult for parents to be kind-hearted and soft-handed, to always maintain strict discipline.

ZH: 在这个世界上，心慈手软的人往往受到伤害。
EN: In this world, kind-hearted and soft-handed people often get hurt.

ZH: 他是个心慈手软的人，纵使别人对他不好，他仍然保持善良。
EN: He is a kind-hearted and soft-handed person, even if others are unkind to him, he still remains kind.

ZH: 那位老师总是心慈手软，对学生们宽容有爱。
EN: That teacher is always kind-hearted and soft-handed, being tolerant and loving towards the students.
