ZH: 我的心急如焚，因为我迟到了。
EN: My heart burned with impatience because I was late.

ZH: 她的心急如焚，因为她的孩子还没有回家。
EN: Her heart was on fire with impatience because her child had not returned home yet.

ZH: 考试马上就要开始了，他的心急如焚。
EN: The exam was about to start, and his heart was burning with impatience.

ZH: 被困在交通堵塞中，他的心急如焚。
EN: He was trapped in a traffic jam, and his heart burned with impatience.

ZH: 我的心急如焚，因为我等了一个小时还没见到她。
EN: My heart burned with impatience because I had waited for an hour and still hadn't seen her.

ZH: 他的心急如焚，因为他的手机没电了。
EN: His heart burned with impatience because his phone ran out of battery.

ZH: 因为印刷延误，出版商的心急如焚。
EN: The publisher's heart burned with impatience because of printing delays.

ZH: 我的心急如焚，因为明天有重要的面试。
EN: My heart burned with impatience because I had an important interview tomorrow.

ZH: 错过了最后一班航班，他的心急如焚。
EN: Missing the last flight, his heart burned with impatience.

ZH: 老人迷路了，周围的人心急如焚地寻找他。
EN: The old man got lost, and people around anxiously searched for him.

ZH: 错过了火车，他的心急如焚。
EN: Missing the train, his heart burned with impatience.

ZH: 他等待着医生的诊断，心急如焚。
EN: He anxiously awaited the doctor's diagnosis, his heart burning with impatience.

ZH: 汽车坏在了路上，他的心急如焚。
EN: The car broke down on the road, and his heart burned with impatience.

ZH: 我的心急如焚，因为还有许多工作没有完成。
EN: My heart burned with impatience because there was still a lot of work to be done.

ZH: 等了半个小时还没轮到他，他的心急如焚。
EN: After waiting for half an hour and still not getting his turn, his heart burned with impatience.

ZH: 电梯停在了中途，乘客的心急如焚。
EN: The elevator stopped midway, and the passengers' hearts burned with impatience.

ZH: 我的心急如焚，因为我想尽快见到她。
EN: My heart burned with impatience because I wanted to see her as soon as possible.

ZH: 等待中的演员们的心急如焚，因为节目即将开始。
EN: The waiting actors' hearts burned with impatience as the show was about to start.

ZH: 火灾中受困的人们心急如焚，等待着救援的到来。
EN: The trapped people in the fire anxiously awaited rescue.

ZH: 婚礼延误，新娘新郎的心急如焚。
EN: The wedding was delayed, and the bride and groom's hearts burned with impatience.
