ZH: 我心慌地看着时间飞逝。
EN: I watched the time fly by anxiously.
ZH: 一想到明天要面试，我心慌得睡不着觉。
EN: I couldn't sleep thinking about the interview tomorrow, my heart was pounding in my chest.
ZH: 他在骑车的时候突然发现刹车失灵，心慌地急忙扳动了车把。
EN: He suddenly realized his brakes were not working while riding his bike, and he panicked, desperately pulling the handlebars.
ZH: 当他误删了所有的文件时，他心慌地立即拔掉电脑线。
EN: When he accidentally deleted all the files, he panicked and immediately unplugged the computer.
ZH: 我一走进那座巨大的迷宫，心慌地开始迷失方向。
EN: As soon as I entered the enormous maze, I started to panic and lose my way.
ZH: 在过山车急速下坡的时候，我感到心慌意乱。
EN: I felt my heart race and panic as the roller coaster rapidly descended.
ZH: 当我看到警车背后跟着我时，我心慌地想方设法逃离。
EN: When I saw the police car following me, I panicked and tried to find a way to escape.
ZH: 这间密闭的房间里没有窗户，我心慌地感觉无法呼吸。
EN: In this enclosed room with no windows, I felt panicked and suffocated.
ZH: 当我发现手机被偷时，我心慌地开始四处寻找。
EN: When I realized my phone was stolen, I panicked and started searching everywhere.
ZH: 我未做足准备，突然上台发言时感到心慌。
EN: I felt anxious when I suddenly had to speak on stage unprepared.
ZH: 在人群中迷失的时候，我心慌意乱地寻找着家人。
EN: I panicked and frantically searched for my family when I got lost in the crowd.
ZH: 当我听到大声的火警声时，我心慌地跑出房间。
EN: I panicked and ran out of the room when I heard the loud fire alarm.
ZH: 我心慌地在人群中寻找着迷路的孩子。
EN: I anxiously searched the crowd for the lost child.
ZH: 当我发现门被锁时，我心慌地开始寻找备用钥匙。
EN: When I found the door locked, I panicked and started searching for the spare key.
ZH: 在试图登上高山峭壁时，他突然感到心慌。
EN: He suddenly felt anxious when trying to climb the steep mountain cliff.
ZH: 我毫无准备地被告知明天要演讲，心慌地开始做准备。
EN: I was unprepared and panicked when I was told I had to give a speech tomorrow.
ZH: 当我发现我迟到了半小时时，我心慌地开始跑向公司。
EN: When I realized I was half an hour late, I panicked and started running towards the office.
ZH: 我心慌地找了一下，发现手机不见了。
EN: I panicked and searched around, realizing my phone was missing.
ZH: 当他突然摔倒时，我心慌地立刻跑过去帮助他。
EN: When he suddenly fell down, I panicked and immediately ran over to help him.
ZH: 当我听到那个可怕的噪音时，我心慌地战栗着。
EN: I panicked and trembled at the sound of that horrifying noise.
