ZH: 我永远忘不了在海边看日出的美丽景色。
EN: I will never forget the beautiful scenery of watching the sunrise by the sea.

ZH: 他忘不了小时候爷爷给他讲的故事。
EN: He cannot forget the stories his grandfather told him when he was a child.

ZH: 她忘不了第一次见到她的丈夫时的感动。
EN: She can't forget the emotions she felt when she first saw her husband.

ZH: 我忘不了在山顶看到的壮丽风景。
EN: I can never forget the magnificent views I saw from the mountaintop.

ZH: 孩子们忘不了在农场里体验农民的生活。
EN: The children will never forget experiencing the life of a farmer on the farm.

ZH: 我忘不了毕业那天同学们送我的惊喜聚会。
EN: I will never forget the surprise party my classmates threw for me on graduation day.

ZH: 她容易忘不了那次和好朋友之间的争吵。
EN: She finds it hard to forget the argument she had with her best friend.

ZH: 我们忘不了演唱会上歌手的精彩表演。
EN: We cannot forget the fantastic performance of the singer at the concert.

ZH: 他们忘不了在瀑布下游泳的感觉。
EN: They can't forget the feeling of swimming under the waterfall.

ZH: 我永远也忘不了和家人一起度过的美好时光。
EN: I will never forget the wonderful times spent with my family.

ZH: 小狗忘不了主人给它的温暖拥抱。
EN: The puppy cannot forget the warm embrace its owner gave it.

ZH: 她忘不了那个冬天在雪地里散步的浪漫氛围。
EN: She can't forget the romantic atmosphere of walking in the snow that winter.

ZH: 他忘不了那个他遇到意外却得到陌生人帮助的时刻。
EN: He cannot forget the moment when he had an accident but was helped by a stranger.

ZH: 我们忘不了在旅行中结识的新朋友。
EN: We will never forget the new friends we made while traveling.

ZH: 孩子们永远也忘不了去动物园看到的可爱动物。
EN: The children will never forget the cute animals they saw at the zoo.

ZH: 他忘不了小时候和父母一起过年的欢乐时光。
EN: He can't forget the joyous times spent celebrating Chinese New Year with his parents.

ZH: 我忘不了那个夏天和朋友们露营的快乐经历。
EN: I can never forget the fun experience of camping with friends that summer.

ZH: 他忘不了在大雨中与女友的第一个接吻。
EN: He cannot forget his first kiss with his girlfriend in the pouring rain.

ZH: 我们忘不了在音乐节上跳舞的疯狂时刻。
EN: We cannot forget the crazy moments of dancing at the music festival.

ZH: 她永远也忘不了那次得到老师赞扬的喜悦感。
EN: She will never forget the joy of receiving praise from her teacher.
