ZH: 他总是擅长忽悠别人。
EN: He is always good at deceiving others.

ZH: 她用巧妙的话术忽悠了我几百块钱。
EN: She tricked me out of a few hundred dollars with her clever words.

ZH: 这个推销员总是在忽悠客户，让他们购买不需要的产品。
EN: This salesman always deceives customers into buying unnecessary products.

ZH: 那个骗子用花言巧语忽悠了不少人财物。
EN: That swindler conned many people out of their money and possessions with sweet words.

ZH: 不要被他的表演忽悠了，他只是想赚钱。
EN: Don't be fooled by his performance, he just wants to make money.

ZH: 这个假医生忽悠了很多病人，让他们服用无效的药物。
EN: This fake doctor misled many patients into taking ineffective medication.

ZH: 他通过夸大事实的方式忽悠了一群投资者。
EN: He deceived a group of investors by exaggerating the facts.

ZH: 不要轻易相信他的话，他经常忽悠人。
EN: Don't easily believe his words, he often deceives people.

ZH: 这个骗子使用了巧妙的手法忽悠了很多老人的储蓄。
EN: This scammer used clever tactics to deceive the savings of many elderly people.

ZH: 他总是会忽悠一些傻傻的人，让他们做一些愚蠢的事情。
EN: He always manages to fool some silly people into doing stupid things.

ZH: 那家店用低价的诱惑忽悠了我买了一件质量很差的商品。
EN: That store tricked me into buying a poor quality item with a low price.

ZH: 不要轻易相信这个人，他经常忽悠别人来获得利益。
EN: Don't easily trust this person, he often deceives others for personal gain.

ZH: 这个骗子通过制造虚假的信息忽悠了很多投资者投入资金。
EN: This fraudster tricked many investors into putting money in by creating false information.

ZH: 小偷利用蒙骗的手法忽悠了无数个无辜的人。
EN: The thief deceived countless innocent people using deceptive methods.

ZH: 现在的年轻人很难被忽悠，他们对骗局有了更强的辨别力。
EN: It's difficult to deceive young people nowadays, they have become more discerning about scams.

ZH: 这个政客常常忽悠选民，许下无法兑现的承诺。
EN: This politician often deceives voters by making promises that cannot be fulfilled.

ZH: 不要上当受骗，他们只是在忽悠你。
EN: Don't be fooled, they are just deceiving you.

ZH: 这个诈骗团伙用各种手段忽悠了数百人的身份信息。
EN: This fraudulent gang tricked hundreds of people out of their personal information using various methods.

ZH: 他试图通过甜言蜜语来忽悠你投资他的项目。
EN: He is trying to deceive you into investing in his project with sweet words.

ZH: 外地人常常会被当地人忽悠，以获取更多的游玩费用。
EN: Outsiders are often tricked by locals in order to get more money for sightseeing.
