ZH: 我急着要去上班，不能再多聊了。
EN: I'm in a hurry to go to work, we can't chat anymore.

ZH: 她急着找工作，所以每天都在投简历。
EN: She is in a hurry to find a job, so she is sending resumes every day.

ZH: 我们急着要买房子，因为我们要迁居到这个城市。
EN: We are in a hurry to buy a house because we are relocating to this city.

ZH: 这份合同很急着要签署，我们的客户很着急。
EN: This contract needs to be signed urgently, our client is very anxious.

ZH: 我这个周末急着要出差，希望一切顺利。
EN: I am in a hurry to go on a business trip this weekend, I hope everything goes smoothly.

ZH: 我急着要去机场，不能再等你了。
EN: I'm in a hurry to go to the airport, I can't wait for you anymore.

ZH: 她急着想找个男朋友，但一直没有合适的人选。
EN: She is eager to find a boyfriend, but there hasn't been a suitable candidate.

ZH: 我们急着想签下这位球员，他的表现很出色。
EN: We are eager to sign this player, he has performed very well.

ZH: 老板急着要开会，大家赶快回办公室吧。
EN: The boss is in a hurry to have a meeting, everyone hurry back to the office.

ZH: 明天有急着要办的事情，我不能参加你的生日派对了。
EN: I have something urgent to do tomorrow, so I can't attend your birthday party.

ZH: 他急着离开那个城市，对他来说已经没有任何留恋了。
EN: He is in a hurry to leave that city, he has no attachment to it anymore.

ZH: 我急着要取款，因为明天要用钱。
EN: I'm in a hurry to withdraw money because I need it tomorrow.

ZH: 这个文件急着要打印，它是明天的报告。
EN: This document needs to be printed urgently, it's tomorrow's report.

ZH: 我急着要去医院，我感觉不舒服。
EN: I'm in a hurry to go to the hospital, I don't feel well.

ZH: 他急着要结婚，因为他已经等了很久。
EN: He is eager to get married because he has been waiting for a long time.

ZH: 我急着要买车，因为我每天上班很不方便。
EN: I'm in a hurry to buy a car because it's inconvenient for me to go to work every day.

ZH: 可能的话，我急着需要你的帮助。
EN: If possible, I urgently need your help.

ZH: 这份报告急着要完成，因为有一个重要的会议。
EN: This report needs to be completed urgently because there is an important meeting.

ZH: 我们急着要完成这个项目，希望能提前交付客户。
EN: We are in a hurry to finish this project and hope to deliver it to the client ahead of schedule.

ZH: 老板急着要见你，他有一些重要的事情要商讨。
EN: The boss is eager to see you, he has some important matters to discuss.
