ZH: 我看到他的笑容，情不自禁地笑了起来。
EN: I couldn't help but laugh when I saw his smile.

ZH: 她听到好消息时，情不自禁地跳了起来。
EN: She couldn't help but jump up when she heard the good news.

ZH: 他看到她的时候，情不自禁地停下脚步。
EN: He couldn't help but stop in his tracks when he saw her.

ZH: 在听到那首歌时，我的脚步情不自禁地开始跳舞。
EN: My feet couldn't help but start dancing when I heard that song.

ZH: 看到这么可爱的小猫，我情不自禁地想抱抱它。
EN: I couldn't help but want to cuddle this cute little cat.

ZH: 在看到大海的时候，他情不自禁地大声喊叫。
EN: He couldn't help but shout out loud when he saw the sea.

ZH: 看到她哭了，我情不自禁地流下了眼泪。
EN: I couldn't help but shed tears when I saw her cry.

ZH: 我想到他的好，情不自禁地心生敬意。
EN: I couldn't help but feel respect for him when I thought about his goodness.

ZH: 当我听到他的歌声时，情不自禁地感到心动。
EN: I couldn't help but feel my heart skip a beat when I heard his singing.

ZH: 我情不自禁地产生了对这里的浓厚兴趣。
EN: I couldn't help but develop a strong interest in this place.

ZH: 看到那段微笑的视频，我情不自禁地微笑了起来。
EN: I couldn't help but smile when I watched that video of laughter.

ZH: 看到那个小孩被吓到了，我情不自禁地哈哈大笑起来。
EN: I couldn't help but burst into laughter when I saw that child being scared.

ZH: 当我听到那首歌的旋律时，情不自禁地想起了过去。
EN: I couldn't help but be reminded of the past when I heard the melody of that song.

ZH: 在那个演讲的时候，大家情不自禁地鼓掌欢呼。
EN: During that speech, everyone couldn't help but applaud and cheer.

ZH: 看到那个精致的蛋糕，我情不自禁地流口水了。
EN: I couldn't help but drool when I saw that exquisite cake.

ZH: 我听到他的举手提问时，情不自禁地对他的勇气表示钦佩。
EN: I couldn't help but admire his courage when I heard his raised hand for questioning.

ZH: 看到他紧张的表情，我情不自禁地感到心疼。
EN: I couldn't help but feel sorry for him when I saw his nervous expression.

ZH: 看到他童真的笑容，情不自禁地感到一阵温暖。
EN: I couldn't help but feel a warm feeling when I saw his innocent smile.

ZH: 当我听到那个笑话时，情不自禁地笑出了声。
EN: I couldn't help but burst into laughter when I heard that joke.

ZH: 看到她哭得稀里哗啦的，我情不自禁地心疼不已。
EN: I couldn't help but feel heartbroken when I saw her crying nonstop.

ZH: 看到他出现在眼前，她情不自禁地喜欢上了他。
EN: She couldn't help but fall in love with him when she saw him standing in front of her.
