ZH: 我的妹妹得了重要的比赛，她情急之下忘记了所有的乐谱。
EN: My sister was in a state of emergency during an important competition, and she forgot all the sheet music.

ZH: 他试图从情急之中冷静下来，以便做出明智的决定。
EN: He tried to calm down from the urgency and make wise decisions.

ZH: 情急之下，她不知所措，不知道该怎么办。
EN: In her state of urgency, she was at a loss and didn't know what to do.

ZH: 计划重要的客户访问在情急下被推迟了。
EN: The important client visit was postponed in the state of urgency.

ZH: 他情急之下打翻了桌子上的咖啡杯。
EN: In his state of urgency, he knocked over the coffee mug on the table.

ZH: 因为情急，他们犯了很多错误，到最后运输顺利完成了。
EN: Due to the urgency, they made many mistakes, but the shipment was finally completed successfully.

ZH: 她情急之下拨打了紧急电话报告火灾。
EN: In her state of urgency, she dialed the emergency hotline to report the fire.

ZH: 情急之下，他把车钥匙竟然丢在了超市。
EN: In a state of urgency, he somehow managed to misplace his car keys in the supermarket.

ZH: 在情急时刻，我们必须保持冷静以便做出正确的抉择。
EN: In moments of urgency, we must stay calm in order to make the right choices.

ZH: 汽车失控时，司机情急之下紧握着方向盘。
EN: When the car went out of control, the driver clutched the steering wheel in a state of urgency.

ZH: 老人情急之下摔倒了，路人赶忙伸出援手。
EN: The elderly person fell in a state of urgency, and passersby quickly extended a helping hand.

ZH: 我没有预料到这么快需要完成工作，情急之下只能夜以继日加班。
EN: I didn't anticipate needing to finish the work so soon, and in a state of urgency, I had to work day and night.

ZH: 他情急忙碌，没有时间吃正餐，只能随便嚼了些零食。
EN: He was in a hurry and didn't have time for a proper meal, so he just grabbed some snacks in a state of urgency.

ZH: 情急之下，他忘记了自己的地址，无法告诉出租车司机。
EN: In a state of urgency, he forgot his address and couldn't tell the taxi driver.

ZH: 当面对情急时，大部分人会有一种本能的反应。
EN: When faced with urgency, most people have an instinctive response.

ZH: 情急之下，他丢失了钱包和手机，无法支付出租车费用。
EN: In a state of urgency, he lost his wallet and phone and couldn't pay for the taxi fare.

ZH: 她情急之下乱丢东西，结果找不到钥匙了。
EN: In her state of urgency, she threw things around and ended up losing her keys.

ZH: 老板情急之下给了我们一个紧急任务，要求立即完成。
EN: The boss, in a state of urgency, assigned us an emergency task that needed to be completed immediately.

ZH: 当我们情急之下，需要寻求帮助，我们可以拨打紧急热线。
EN: When we are in a state of urgency and need assistance, we can dial the emergency hotline.

ZH: 别情急，我们会找到解决办法的。
EN: Don't panic, we'll find a solution.
