ZH: 他看到狮子突然冲过来，不禁惊呼一声。
EN: He couldn't help but gasp when he saw the lion charging towards him.

ZH: 她听到好朋友的喜讯，高兴得不禁惊呼起来。
EN: She couldn't help but exclaim in joy when she heard the good news from her best friend.

ZH: 当他们看到那座壮丽的山峰时，大家都发出了惊呼声。
EN: When they saw the majestic mountain peak, everyone let out cries of astonishment.

ZH: 晚上市区灯火通明，美丽景象令人惊呼。
EN: The city lights shining brightly at night were a sight that made people gasp in awe.

ZH: 得知这个惊人的消息，他们惊呼不已。
EN: Upon hearing this astonishing news, they couldn't help but exclaim in surprise.

ZH: 见到那辆豪车，他的朋友们纷纷发出了惊呼声。
EN: His friends all let out cries of amazement when they saw the luxury car.

ZH: 看到演员精彩的表演，观众们都不禁惊呼出声。
EN: The audience couldn't help but gasp in admiration at the actor's brilliant performance.

ZH: 他们惊呼不已，当他们看到巨大的瀑布从山上倾泻而下。
EN: They exclaimed in awe as they saw the huge waterfall cascading down from the mountain.

ZH: 在博物馆里，他们看到了许多珍宝，惊呼连连。
EN: In the museum, they saw many treasures and couldn't help but exclaim in amazement.

ZH: 看到那位身穿华丽礼服的女士，人群中发出了一阵惊呼声。
EN: A burst of gasps came from the crowd when they saw the lady in the gorgeous gown.

ZH: 等待了很久，终于见到偶像的粉丝们都惊呼连连。
EN: The fans, who had been waiting for a long time, couldn't help but gasp when they finally saw their idol.

ZH: 当他们看到这座美丽的城市时，不禁发出了惊呼声。
EN: They let out cries of astonishment when they saw this beautiful city.

ZH: 他们在电影院看到了一场惊险的飞车追逐，不禁发出了惊呼声。
EN: They couldn't help but gasp when they saw a thrilling car chase in the movie theater.

ZH: 看到天空中聚集的黑云，人们发出一片惊呼声。
EN: The gathering dark clouds in the sky elicited gasps from the people.

ZH: 他们骑车经过一座陡峭的山坡，不禁发出了一连串惊呼声。
EN: They let out a series of gasps as they rode their bikes down a steep hill.

ZH: 听到了恐怖的故事后，大家都不禁发出了一声声惊呼。
EN: After hearing the terrifying story, everyone couldn't help but let out cries of horror.

ZH: 看到这么多美食摆在桌子上，大家惊呼不已，口水直流。
EN: Everyone couldn't help but gasp and drool at the sight of so much delicious food on the table.

ZH: 他们看到了一只美丽的孔雀，不禁惊呼它的美丽羽毛。
EN: They gasped in admiration at the beautiful feathers of a peacock they saw.

ZH: 当他们看到这座古老遗迹时，不由得发出了一声声惊呼。
EN: They couldn't help but let out cries of astonishment when they saw this ancient ruin.

ZH: 成功登上珠穆朗玛峰后，他们激动得不禁发出了惊呼声。
EN: After successfully reaching the top of Mount Everest, they couldn't help but let out cries of excitement.
