ZH: 他听到突然的警报声后，惊慌失色地跑了出去。
EN: He ran out in panic after hearing the sudden alarm. 

ZH: 她看到那只大型蜘蛛时，惊慌失色地尖叫了起来。
EN: She screamed in panic when she saw the large spider. 

ZH: 当他发现自己遗失了钱包，他惊慌失色地四处寻找。
EN: He panicked and searched everywhere when he realized he had lost his wallet. 

ZH: 她在课堂上发言时，突然记不起要讲的内容，惊慌失色。
EN: She panicked when she couldn't remember what to say during her presentation in class. 

ZH: 看到蛇出现在草地上，我惊慌失色地立刻往后退了几步。
EN: I took a few steps back in panic when I saw a snake in the grass. 

ZH: 在空气中弥漫着浓烟时，人们开始惊慌失色地逃离现场。
EN: People began to panic and flee the scene when thick smoke filled the air. 

ZH: 遇到紧急状况时，我们应该冷静应对，不要惊慌失色。
EN: When facing an emergency, we should remain calm and not panic. 

ZH: 他因害怕高处而在登山途中惊慌失色，无法继续前行。
EN: He panicked and couldn't continue climbing due to his fear of heights. 

ZH: 当听到火灾警报时，大家都惊慌失色地往出口方向奔去。
EN: Everyone panicked and ran towards the exit when they heard the fire alarm. 

ZH: 在惊慌失色的状况下，很难做出明智的决定。
EN: It is difficult to make sound decisions in a state of panic. 

ZH: 突然停电的时候，人们惊慌失色地四处寻找灯光。
EN: People panicked and searched for light when the power suddenly went out. 

ZH: 孩子看到血液时，惊慌失色地大哭起来。
EN: The child burst into tears in panic when he saw blood. 

ZH: 在飞机出现颠簸时，乘客们惊慌失色地开始呼喊。
EN: Passengers started shouting in panic when turbulence hit the plane. 

ZH: 当他听到丧失了工作后，惊慌失色地赶紧去找新工作。
EN: He panicked and quickly started looking for a new job when he heard that he had lost his job. 

ZH: 担心考试成绩的结果，他整晚都惊慌失色地睡不着。
EN: He couldn't sleep all night in panic over the results of his exam. 

ZH: 突然的地震让人们惊慌失色地逃往开阔地带。
EN: People panicked and fled to open areas during the sudden earthquake. 

ZH: 当烟雾弥漫时，大家都惊慌失色地寻找逃生的出口。
EN: Everyone panicked and searched for the exit to escape when smoke filled the room. 

ZH: 他看到失控的汽车朝自己驶来，惊慌失色地向后躲开。
EN: He panicked and dodged backwards when he saw the out-of-control car coming towards him. 

ZH: 她体验到战争的恐怖，惊慌失色地向前逃离。
EN: She experienced the horrors of war and fled in panic. 

ZH: 当听到疫情蔓延的消息时，人们惊慌失色地购买口罩和消毒液。
EN: People panicked and bought masks and disinfectants when they heard about the spread of the epidemic.
