ZH: 如果你不完成作业，老师会给你一个惩罚。
EN: If you don't finish your homework, the teacher will give you a punishment.

ZH: 这个小偷被法庭给予了严厉的惩罚。
EN: The thief was given a severe punishment by the court.

ZH: 孩子们不听话会受到父母的惩罚。
EN: Children who misbehave will be subject to punishment from their parents.

ZH: 他因为犯错而接受了一次严厉的惩罚。
EN: He received a harsh punishment for making a mistake.

ZH: 这个国家对犯罪行为采取了严厉的惩罚措施。
EN: This country takes strict punishment measures against criminal behaviors.

ZH: 不守交通规则的人应该受到相应的惩罚。
EN: People who don't follow traffic regulations should face appropriate punishment.

ZH: 她的父母用让她给做家务的方式来惩罚她。
EN: Her parents punished her by making her do household chores.

ZH: 这个公司对员工的错误行为进行了内部惩罚。
EN: The company implemented internal punishments for employee misconduct.

ZH: 她明白她的行为是不对的，并接受了惩罚。
EN: She understood that her actions were wrong and accepted the punishment.

ZH: 这位教练用严格的训练来惩罚不听话的队员。
EN: The coach punished the disobedient team members with strict training.

ZH: 为了减少犯罪率，政府必须加大对犯罪分子的惩罚力度。
EN: In order to reduce the crime rate, the government must increase the severity of punishments for criminals.

ZH: 学校对学生们的违纪行为会实施一系列的惩罚措施。
EN: The school implements a series of punishment measures for students' disciplinary actions.

ZH: 危险驾驶会受到法律的惩罚。
EN: Dangerous driving will be punished by law.

ZH: 他的无礼行为使他受到了社交惩罚。
EN: His rude behavior resulted in social punishment.

ZH: 她犯了一个错误，但她不是故意的，所以没有受到惩罚。
EN: She made a mistake, but it was unintentional, so she didn't receive any punishment.

ZH: 这个国家的刑罚制度包含着许多不同的惩罚方式。
EN: The criminal justice system in this country encompasses various forms of punishment.

ZH: 在某些情况下，惩罚不能改变一个人的行为。
EN: In some cases, punishment cannot change a person's behavior.

ZH: 这个酒吧对年轻人酗酒行为采取了零容忍政策和相应的惩罚。
EN: The bar has a zero-tolerance policy and corresponding punishments for underage drinking.

ZH: 不肯听话的孩子需要家长进行适当的惩罚。
EN: Children who refuse to listen need appropriate punishment from their parents.

ZH: 当人们犯法时，法律会为他们提供相应的惩罚。
EN: When people commit crimes, the law provides them with corresponding punishments.
