ZH: 他从小就惯着爸爸妈妈，什么都要他们帮忙。
EN: He has been spoiled by his parents since he was young, always relying on them for help.

ZH: 这只猫已经惯了在沙发上睡觉。
EN: This cat is used to sleeping on the couch.

ZH: 她习惯了每天早上去跑步。
EN: She is accustomed to going for a run every morning.

ZH: 这家饭店的服务很周到，让人感觉很惯。
EN: The service at this restaurant is very attentive, making customers feel pampered.

ZH: 我习惯了每天早上喝一杯咖啡。
EN: I am used to drinking a cup of coffee every morning.

ZH: 他从小受到的教育就是要惯着孩子。
EN: He was brought up with the belief that children should be indulged.

ZH: 她曾经惯于穿高跟鞋，结果腿出了问题。
EN: She used to be accustomed to wearing high heels, which resulted in leg problems.

ZH: 这个城市的交通总是那么拥挤，可是我们都已经习惯了。
EN: The traffic in this city is always congested, but we have all grown accustomed to it.

ZH: 他不喜欢新环境，总是需要时间才能惯过来。
EN: He doesn't like new environments and always needs time to get used to them.

ZH: 小孩子很容易被惯坏，所以要注意教育方法。
EN: Children can easily be spoiled, so we need to pay attention to our parenting methods.

ZH: 这只宠物得到了主人的宠爱，已经惯坏了。
EN: This pet has been indulged by its owner and has become spoiled.

ZH: 他宁愿惩罚自己也不愿意惯着别人。
EN: He would rather punish himself than indulge others.

ZH: 她总是给孩子添置新玩具，可是这样会惯坏他们。
EN: She always buys new toys for the children, but this can spoil them.

ZH: 她的父母总是惯着她，所以她很少有挫折感。
EN: Her parents always spoil her, so she rarely experiences setbacks.

ZH: 他小时候得到了很多疼爱，现在有点惯得不受约束。
EN: He was very loved as a child, and now he is a bit too spoiled.

ZH: 没有人会放任孩子久久地惯着他们的坏习惯。
EN: No one will let children indulge in their bad habits for too long.

ZH: 她买了一辆新车，很难驾驭，要多练练才能惯住。
EN: She bought a new car that is difficult to drive, so she needs to practice more to get used to it.

ZH: 她嫁到一个农村，一开始很不适应，慢慢才惯了。
EN: She married into a rural area and was not accustomed to it at first, but gradually she got used to it.

ZH: 他一开始惯着她，后来才意识到这样不好。
EN: He spoiled her at first, but later realized it was not good for her.

ZH: 这只小猫太小了，还需要慢慢惯着它独立生活。
EN: This little kitten is too young and needs to gradually get used to living independently.
