ZH: 我真想不通为什么他会告诉我这个秘密。
EN: I really can't figure out why he told me this secret.

ZH: 这个问题超难，我想不通答案是什么。
EN: This question is extremely difficult, I can't figure out what the answer is.

ZH: 他表现得如此冷淡，我真的想不通他怎么了。
EN: He's being so distant, I really can't understand what's going on with him.

ZH: 我们为什么要学这么多数学知识呢？我想不通这有什么用处。
EN: Why do we have to learn so much math? I can't see the point of it.

ZH: 这个故事结局真不合情理，我想不通为什么会这样。
EN: The ending of this story makes no sense, I can't understand why it turned out like this.

ZH: 她的决定真让我想不通，为什么她会做出这样的选择。
EN: I can't understand her decision, why would she make such a choice?

ZH: 我听了他的解释，还是想不通为什么他要骗我。
EN: After hearing his explanation, I still can't understand why he would deceive me.

ZH: 这个数学问题太难了，我真是想不通。
EN: This math problem is too difficult, I really can't figure it out.

ZH: 他的举动太奇怪了，我实在想不通他的意图。
EN: His behavior is so strange, I really can't comprehend his intentions.

ZH: 这个电影的结局太扯了，我完全想不通编剧是怎么想的。
EN: The ending of this movie is so ridiculous, I can't fathom what the screenwriter was thinking.

ZH: 我们的计划失败了，真让人想不通为什么会出现这样的问题。
EN: Our plan failed, it's really baffling why such problems arose.

ZH: 这位艺术家的作品太抽象了，让人想不通他的意图。
EN: This artist's works are too abstract, it's hard to understand his intentions.

ZH: 这个谜题太难解了，我真想不通答案在哪里。
EN: This puzzle is too difficult to solve, I really can't figure out where the answer is.

ZH: 我已经告诉过你很多次了，你为什么还是想不通呢？
EN: I've told you many times already, why can't you understand?

ZH: 他的决定让我想不通，为什么他这么不负责任？
EN: His decision is beyond my understanding, why is he so irresponsible?

ZH: 我怎么想都想不通为什么他要对我撒谎。
EN: No matter how I think, I can't understand why he would lie to me.

ZH: 这个问题真的让我想不通，没想到答案会是这样。
EN: This question really baffles me, I didn't expect the answer to be like this.

ZH: 这个电影的情节发展太乱了，我根本想不通导演的构思。
EN: The plot of this movie is so messy, I simply can't understand the director's concept.

ZH: 我已经解释了很多遍了，你为什么还是想不通呢？
EN: I've explained it many times already, why can't you understand?

ZH: 我对他的行为感到困惑，我实在是想不通他为什么会这样做。
EN: I am puzzled by his behavior, I really can't understand why he would do such a thing.
