ZH: 我对这个职位很感兴趣，我有意向申请。
EN: I am very interested in this position and I have the intention to apply.

ZH: 他对你有意向，你应该给他一个机会。
EN: He has an interest in you, you should give him a chance.

ZH: 她对去日本旅行的意向非常强烈。
EN: She has a strong intention to travel to Japan.

ZH: 我们有意向购买这个房子，但是要再考虑一下。
EN: We have the intention to buy this house, but we need to think about it again.

ZH: 他明确表示了他对合作的意向。
EN: He clearly expressed his intention to collaborate.

ZH: 我对学习中文有意向，我已经报名参加了语言课程。
EN: I have the intention to learn Chinese, I have already enrolled in a language course.

ZH: 他对于当演员的意向从小就很明确。
EN: He has had a clear intention to become an actor since he was young.

ZH: 我们必须充分了解投资的意向和目标。
EN: We must fully understand the intention and goals of the investment.

ZH: 她父母对她进入医学院的意向非常支持。
EN: Her parents are very supportive of her intention to enter medical school.

ZH: 他虽然表面上不那么热情，但是听说对这个计划有意向。
EN: Although he doesn't seem enthusiastic on the surface, I heard he has an intention for this project.

ZH: 我们需要明确每个人对这个合作项目的意向。
EN: We need to clarify everyone's intention for this collaborative project.

ZH: 她明确表示她对这个工作的意向，并愿意为此付出努力。
EN: She explicitly stated her intention for this job and is willing to put in the effort.

ZH: 如果你有意向前往海外工作，请提前做好准备。
EN: If you have an intention to work overseas, please prepare in advance.

ZH: 他对未来计划的意向没有明确的方向。
EN: He doesn't have a clear direction for his intention in future plans.

ZH: 这个项目的意向非常大，我们需要更多资源来支持它。
EN: The intention for this project is great, we need more resources to support it.

ZH: 对于学校的改革，教师们的意向不尽相同。
EN: The intentions of the teachers regarding school reform are not the same.

ZH: 他对这个城市的意向已经发生了改变。
EN: His intention for this city has changed.

ZH: 需要填写一份表格来确认您的旅行意向。
EN: You need to fill out a form to confirm your travel intention.

ZH: 我们向所有员工发送了一份调查问卷，以了解他们对新政策的意向。
EN: We sent a survey to all employees to understand their intentions regarding the new policy.

ZH: 对于未来的职业发展，你已经有了明确的意向吗？
EN: Do you already have a clear intention for your future career development?
