ZH: 这个城市的房价一直在上涨。
EN: The housing prices in this city have been rising steadily.

ZH: 近年来，房价在这个小镇上飙升。
EN: In recent years, housing prices have skyrocketed in this small town.

ZH: 房价高涨使得年轻人买房变得更加困难。
EN: Soaring housing prices have made it even more difficult for young people to buy a house.

ZH: 这个城市的房价远远高于国家平均水平。
EN: The housing prices in this city are much higher than the national average.

ZH: 虽然房价昂贵，但这个地区的生活质量很高。
EN: Despite the high housing prices, the quality of life in this area is very good.

ZH: 外地投资者的涌入推高了当地的房价。
EN: The influx of out-of-town investors has driven up local housing prices.

ZH: 我们不知道未来的房价走向会是如何的。
EN: We do not know what the future trend of housing prices will be.

ZH: 这个区域的房价持续上涨已经有几年了。
EN: Housing prices in this area have been rising steadily for several years now.

ZH: 由于供不应求，房价一路飙涨。
EN: Due to high demand and low supply, housing prices have been soaring.

ZH: 他决定出售房屋，因为担心房价会下跌。
EN: He decided to sell his house because he was worried that housing prices would fall.

ZH: 我们现在购买这套房屋是明智的，因为预计未来几年房价会上涨。
EN: It is wise for us to buy this house now, as housing prices are expected to rise in the coming years.

ZH: 昨天报纸上报道称房价可能会下降。
EN: The newspaper reported yesterday that housing prices may fall.

ZH: 他们希望通过政府干预来控制房价的上涨。
EN: They hope to control the rise in housing prices through government intervention.

ZH: 民众普遍感叹最近房价的不断上涨。
EN: The general public has been lamenting the continuous rise in housing prices recently.

ZH: 虽然房价高昂，但房屋质量还是得到了保证。
EN: Despite the high housing prices, the quality of the houses is still guaranteed.

ZH: 这个城市的房价已经高得离谱了。
EN: The housing prices in this city have become ridiculously high.

ZH: 我们不得不承认房价的上涨远远超出了我们的预期。
EN: We have to admit that the rise in housing prices far exceeds our expectations.

ZH: 他认为房价的上涨会使他更加困难地买到心仪的房子。
EN: He believes that the rise in housing prices will make it even harder for him to buy his dream house.

ZH: 许多年轻人在这个城市无法承受高昂的房价。
EN: Many young people cannot afford the high housing prices in this city.
