ZH: 办理出国手续需要一些时间。
EN: It takes some time to process the procedures for going abroad.

ZH: 我们可以帮您办理入籍手续。
EN: We can help you with naturalization procedures.

ZH: 请尽快把相关的文件和手续提交给我们。
EN: Please submit the relevant documents and procedures to us as soon as possible.

ZH: 他耗费了很多时间在这些复杂的手续上。
EN: He spent a lot of time on these complex procedures.

ZH: 我们需要您的签名以完成手续。
EN: We need your signature to complete the formalities.

ZH: 这个过程需要遵循一系列的手续。
EN: This process needs to follow a series of procedures.

ZH: 快递的邮寄手续已经处理好了。
EN: The mailing procedures for the express delivery have been taken care of.

ZH: 请务必按照规定的手续办理相关事宜。
EN: Please make sure to follow the prescribed procedures for relevant matters.

ZH: 所有的手续都办好了，您现在可以领取您的护照了。
EN: All the procedures are completed, you can now collect your passport.

ZH: 我们需要您填写一份申请表格来办理相关手续。
EN: We need you to fill out an application form to process the necessary procedures.

ZH: 办理贷款手续需要您提供一些财务文件。
EN: To process the loan procedures, we need you to provide some financial documents.

ZH: 归还图书的手续非常简单，只需在前台交上书本就行了。
EN: The procedure for returning books is very simple, just hand in the books at the front desk.

ZH: 请按照指引完成结婚登记的手续。
EN: Please follow the instructions to complete the marriage registration procedures.

ZH: 这个手续很简单，只需要填写个人信息即可。
EN: This procedure is very simple, you just need to fill in your personal information.

ZH: 在购买房屋之前，你需要了解相关的购房手续。
EN: Before purchasing a house, you need to familiarize yourself with the relevant purchasing procedures.

ZH: 如果你要办理退款手续，请在规定的时间内提出申请。
EN: If you want to process a refund, please submit your application within the specified time.

ZH: 办理劳动合同解除手续需要双方共同签字确认。
EN: Processing the termination procedures of the labor contract requires both parties to sign and confirm.

ZH: 照顾这只宠物需要一些特殊的手续和承诺。
EN: Taking care of this pet requires some special procedures and commitments.

ZH: 请务必按照规定的手续进行车辆年检。
EN: Please make sure to go through the prescribed procedures for vehicle inspection.

ZH: 若您不按规定办理出院手续，可能会延误您的离院时间。
EN: If you do not follow the prescribed procedures for discharge, it may delay your departure time.
