ZH: 我才怪！我根本没做错。
EN: Only you think I did something wrong. In fact, I didn't.

ZH: 明天就能解决？才怪！这个问题持续了一个月了。
EN: Will it be resolved tomorrow? Not a chance! This problem has been going on for a month.

ZH: 他说他不在乎，才怪，他明显生气了。
EN: He said he didn't care, but actually he was clearly angry.

ZH: 放心，我一定会帮你的！才怪，我才不会浪费时间帮你。
EN: Don't worry, I will definitely help you! Yeah, right, I won't waste my time helping you.

ZH: 他说对我一点兴趣都没有，才怪，我看得出他在偷偷看我。
EN: He said he has no interest in me, but actually I can tell he secretly looks at me.

ZH: 我爱上他了。才怪，他已经有女朋友。
EN: I've fallen in love with him. Not a chance, he already has a girlfriend.

ZH: 我告诉他忘记过去吧，才怪，我内心还是无法释怀。
EN: I told him to forget about the past. Yeah, right, deep down I still can't let go.

ZH: 这寒冷的天气会过去吗？才怪，我觉得会更冷。
EN: Will this cold weather pass? Not a chance, I think it will get even colder.

ZH: 我已经很努力了，可是才怪，我没有尽力而为。
EN: I've already tried my best, but actually I haven't given it my all.

ZH: 他说他会来道歉，才怪，他从不会道歉。
EN: He said he would come to apologize, but yeah, right, he never apologizes.

ZH: 她说她不会生气，才怪，她肯定很生气。
EN: She said she wouldn't be angry, but actually she is definitely angry.

ZH: 明天就会好转了？才怪，我想会更糟。
EN: Will it get better tomorrow? Not a chance, I think it will get worse.

ZH: 他说他不会嫉妒我，才怪，我能感觉到他的嫉妒。
EN: He said he wouldn't be jealous of me, but actually I can feel his jealousy.

ZH: 这次比赛我会赢得冠军！才怪，你连预选赛都进不了。
EN: I will win the championship in this competition! Yeah, right, you can't even make it through the qualifiers.

ZH: 这本书很好看，你一定喜欢。才怪，我对这种类型的书没兴趣。
EN: This book is really good, you will definitely like it. Not a chance, I'm not interested in this genre.

ZH: 他说他会帮忙，才怪，他从来没有兑现过承诺。
EN: He said he would help, but yeah, right, he has never fulfilled his promises.

ZH: 他说他没有吃过晚饭，才怪，我刚刚看见他在餐厅。
EN: He said he didn't have dinner yet, but actually I just saw him at the restaurant.

ZH: 这件事会很容易解决的。才怪，这是个棘手的问题。
EN: This matter will be easily resolved. Not a chance, this is a tricky problem.

ZH: 他说他不在乎我的意见。才怪，他总是追随着我的建议。
EN: He said he doesn't care about my opinion. Yeah, right, he always follows my advice.

ZH: 这个玩笑不会伤害到任何人。才怪，这会伤害到很多人的感情。
EN: This joke won't hurt anyone. Not a chance, it will hurt many people's feelings.

ZH: 我已经很努力学习了。才怪，你总是拖到最后一刻才开始学习。
EN: I have been studying very hard. Not a chance, you always wait until the last moment to start studying.
