ZH: 潜水员们用潜水装备打捞了沉船的残骸。
EN: Divers used their scuba gear to salvage the wreckage of the sunken ship.

ZH: 渔民们打捞起了钓竿掉入河中的渔网。
EN: Fishermen salvaged the fishing net that fell into the river with their fishing poles.

ZH: 这艘船在海上遭遇台风，需要打捞救援。
EN: This ship encountered a typhoon at sea and needs salvaging.

ZH: 油轮发生爆炸，救援队及时到达打捞残骸。
EN: The oil tanker exploded, and the rescue team arrived in time to salvage the wreckage.

ZH: 他们打捞了失踪飞机的黑匣子，希望可以找到坠机的原因。
EN: They salvaged the black box of the missing plane, hoping to find out the cause of the crash.

ZH: 警方正在进行打捞工作，以找回在湖中失踪的男孩。
EN: The police are conducting salvage operations to find the boy who went missing in the lake.

ZH: 救援人员需要打捞受困在深山中的登山者。
EN: Rescue personnel need to salvage the stranded climbers in the deep mountains.

ZH: 这艘油轮在暴风雨中沉没，打捞工作持续了好几天。
EN: This oil tanker sank in a storm, and the salvage operation lasted for several days.

ZH: 航海员们用设备打捞了从船上掉入海中的沉重货物。
EN: Sailors salvaged the heavy cargo that fell from the ship into the sea using equipment.

ZH: 搜救队员用风筝在湖中打捞失踪的篮球。
EN: Search and rescue team members used a kite to salvage the missing basketball in the lake.

ZH: 沉重的风浪使得打捞运作变得更加复杂。
EN: The heavy waves made salvaging operations more complicated.

ZH: 水手们需要打捞海上漂浮的货物，以免干扰其他船只。
EN: Sailors need to salvage the floating cargo at sea to avoid interfering with other ships.

ZH: 捞渔网的钩子卡在被打捞货物上，难以脱身。
EN: The hook of the fishing net got stuck on the salvaged goods and was difficult to remove.

ZH: 在暴雨中，救援队员们打捞了被困在山洞中的探险家。
EN: In a heavy rainstorm, rescuers salvaged the explorer trapped in a cave.

ZH: 风暴过后，打捞船队展开了打捞海上的残骸。
EN: After the storm, the salvage fleet began salvaging the wreckage at sea.

ZH: 风浪过大，打捞船只无法靠岸。
EN: The salvaging ship cannot dock due to the rough waves.

ZH: 手艺娴熟的潜水员迅速打捞起沉入水底的失物。
EN: The skilled diver quickly salvaged the lost items sunk to the bottom of the water.

ZH: 救援队员们一丝不苟地进行着打捞工作。
EN: The rescuers are meticulously carrying out the salvage operation.

ZH: 这座被打捞的船只将被送往码头进行维修。
EN: The salvaged ship will be taken to the dock for repairs.

ZH: 由于迷雾，搜救直升机无法对船只实施打捞。
EN: Due to the fog, the search and rescue helicopter cannot salvage the ship.
