ZH: 我们的野餐计划被突然下雨扫兴了。
EN: Our picnic plan was spoiled by a sudden rain.

ZH: 小明今天生病了，真是扫兴。
EN: Xiaoming got sick today, what a bummer.

ZH: 去年的圣诞节，我感冒了，一点都没有过节的气氛，真是扫兴。
EN: Last Christmas, I caught a cold and there was no festive atmosphere at all, such a disappointment.

ZH: 风太大了，连我的帽子都被吹走了，真是扫兴。
EN: The wind was too strong that it blew away even my hat, what a letdown.

ZH: 我只晚了一分钟，却发现演唱会已经结束了，真是扫兴。
EN: I was only one minute late and found out that the concert had already ended, what a bummer.

ZH: 本来约好了一起去看电影，结果她临时取消了，真是扫兴。
EN: We had planned to go see a movie together, but she canceled it last minute, what a disappointment.

ZH: 我们原本计划去爬山，但天气太糟糕了，只好取消，真是扫兴。
EN: We had planned to go hiking, but the weather was too bad, so we had to cancel it, such a letdown.

ZH: 我买了票去看比赛，可是比赛居然临时取消了，真是扫兴。
EN: I bought tickets to watch the game, but the game was unexpectedly canceled, what a bummer.

ZH: 我的生日派对因为家里突然停电扫兴了。
EN: My birthday party got spoiled because of a sudden power outage at home.

ZH: 我们原本打算去旅行，可是航班突然取消了，真是扫兴。
EN: We had planned to go on a trip, but the flight got canceled all of a sudden, what a disappointment.

ZH: 我们本来约好的聚餐，但是因为他们临时有事而取消了，真是扫兴。
EN: We had planned to have a dinner gathering, but they canceled it last minute because of something unexpected, what a letdown.

ZH: 公园里举办的音乐会因为暴雨而取消，真是扫兴。
EN: The concert in the park got canceled because of heavy rain, what a bummer.

ZH: 我去年报名参加的马拉松比赛因为疫情被推迟了，真是扫兴。
EN: The marathon race I registered for last year got postponed due to the pandemic, what a disappointment.

ZH: 我本来打算今晚约朋友出去吃饭，但是他却临时有事而无法赴约，真是扫兴。
EN: I had planned to go out for dinner with a friend tonight, but he ended up having something come up last minute, what a letdown.

ZH: 演出票已经卖完了，我们来迟了一步，真是扫兴。
EN: The show tickets were already sold out, and we arrived just a little late, what a bummer.

ZH: 我的家乡计划举办的年度火车模型展览因为疫情被取消，真是扫兴。
EN: The annual train model exhibition planned in my hometown was canceled due to the pandemic, what a disappointment.

ZH: 我本来打算去购物，但是天气太热了，没有心情逛街，真是扫兴。
EN: I had planned to go shopping, but it was too hot outside and I didn't feel like going, what a letdown.

ZH: 我们一大早起来准备去钓鱼，结果海上风浪太大，无法出海，真是扫兴。
EN: We woke up early to go fishing, but the sea was too rough and we couldn't go out, what a bummer.

ZH: 我们计划去滑雪，但是雪太少了，无法滑雪，真是扫兴。
EN: We planned to go skiing, but there was too little snow, so we couldn't ski, what a disappointment.
