ZH: 扶摇直上，去年他在公司里只是一个初级职员，如今已是部门经理。
EN: Rising rapidly, last year he was just a junior employee in the company, now he is a department manager.

ZH: 扶摇直上，她在学校里的成绩每年都在提高。
EN: Soaring upwards, her grades in school are improving every year.

ZH: 扶摇直上，这座城市的经济状况在近年来一直在蒸蒸日上。
EN: Surging upwards, the economic situation in this city has been flourishing in recent years.

ZH: 扶摇直上，这位年轻运动员在短短几年内已成为国际冠军。
EN: Shooting up, this young athlete has become an international champion in just a few years.

ZH: 扶摇直上，这本小说在短短几天内就跻身畅销书榜单。
EN: Climbing swiftly, this novel has made it to the bestseller list in just a few days.

ZH: 扶摇直上，社交媒体在过去十年里发展迅速。
EN: Rising rapidly, social media has grown quickly in the past decade.

ZH: 扶摇直上，这位年轻的设计师在行业里的地位一天比一天得到提升。
EN: Surging upwards, this young designer's position in the industry is improving day by day.

ZH: 扶摇直上，这个小企业在短短几年里已经发展成一家大公司。
EN: Shooting up, this small business has grown into a large company in just a few years.

ZH: 扶摇直上，他的名声在音乐界逐渐传开。
EN: Soaring upwards, his reputation in the music industry is spreading gradually.

ZH: 扶摇直上，这只火箭在短短几分钟内就飙升到了太空。
EN: Shooting straight up, this rocket soared into space in just a few minutes.

ZH: 扶摇直上，这个小城市的基础设施得到了迅速改善。
EN: Rising rapidly, the infrastructure of this small city has seen quick improvements.

ZH: 扶摇直上，这位歌手的唱片销量节节攀升。
EN: Climbing swiftly, this singer's record sales are constantly increasing.

ZH: 扶摇直上，这个科技公司的股价在近期一直在上涨。
EN: Surging upwards, the stock price of this tech company has been rising recently.

ZH: 扶摇直上，这对情侣的关系在经历过一些困难后变得更加稳固。
EN: Shooting up, this couple's relationship became stronger after going through some difficulties.

ZH: 扶摇直上，这所学校的教学水平在过去几年里有了很大的提升。
EN: Soaring upwards, the teaching quality of this school has greatly improved in the past few years.

ZH: 扶摇直上，这个科研团队在短短几个月内已经取得了显著进展。
EN: Rising rapidly, this research team has made significant progress in just a few months.

ZH: 扶摇直上，这家公司的业绩在最近一季度里有了明显的增长。
EN: Climbing swiftly, this company's performance has shown noticeable growth in the most recent quarter.

ZH: 扶摇直上，这位演员的知名度在最近一段时间内快速攀升。
EN: Surging upwards, this actor's popularity has been rapidly increasing in the recent period.

ZH: 扶摇直上，这个城市的旅游业在过去几年里有了较大的发展。
EN: Shooting up, the tourism industry of this city has seen significant growth in the past few years.

ZH: 扶摇直上，这场音乐会的门票在短短几分钟内就全部售罄。
EN: Rising rapidly, the tickets for this concert sold out in just a few minutes.
