ZH: 如果你麻烦我一次又一次，我就会找上门来。
EN: If you bother me over and over again, I'll come find you.

ZH: 昨天晚上不停地有人找上门来询问邻居的下落。
EN: Last night, people kept coming to the door asking about the whereabouts of the neighbors.

ZH: 他因为拖欠债务，遭到了许多债权人的找上门催债。
EN: He owed a lot of money and was being pursued by many creditors who came to his door to collect debts.

ZH: 我才不会轻易地让那些烦人的推销员找上门来。
EN: I won't easily let those annoying salesmen come to my door.

ZH: 一位陌生人突然找上门来，吓了我一跳。
EN: A stranger suddenly showed up at the door, scaring me.

ZH: 我的公司遭受了竞争对手的恶意诋毁，我决定找上门来解释清楚。
EN: My company has been maliciously slandered by competitors, and I have decided to go to their doors to explain.

ZH: 她决定找上门去向医生咨询有关健康的问题。
EN: She decided to go to the doctor's office to consult about her health issues.

ZH: 他因为注意到她的突然消失而找上门去了解情况。
EN: He noticed her sudden disappearance and went to her door to find out what happened.

ZH: 警方找上门来询问我是否目击了那起犯罪事件。
EN: The police came to my door to ask if I had witnessed the crime.

ZH: 当地社区工作人员找上门来宣传有关居民权益的法律法规。
EN: Local community workers came to the door to promote laws and regulations regarding residents' rights.

ZH: 他因为欠款而被不法债务公司找上门来威胁。
EN: He was threatened by an illegal debt collection company that came to his door because of his debts.

ZH: 他感到自己受到了人生的困境的折磨，于是找上门来与心理咨询师谈话。
EN: Feeling tormented by the hardships of life, he sought out a psychological counselor to talk to.

ZH: 我们找上门去并询问了那家公司的负责人关于产品质量的问题。
EN: We went to their door and asked the person in charge of that company about the quality of the product.

ZH: 她找上门来与邻居沟通，希望能解决产生的误会。
EN: She came to the neighbor's door to communicate, hoping to resolve the misunderstandings.

ZH: 他被发现参与了非法交易，于是警察找上门来逮捕他。
EN: He was found to be involved in illegal transactions, so the police came to his door to arrest him.

ZH: 我将会找上门去向他道歉，因为我犯了个错误。
EN: I will go to his door to apologize because I made a mistake.

ZH: 她对公司的做法非常不满，于是找上门来表达她的抗议。
EN: She was very dissatisfied with the company's actions, so she went to their door to express her protest.

ZH: 这位顾客对产品的质量有疑问，决定找上门来与销售员交流。
EN: The customer had doubts about the quality of the product and decided to go to the salesperson's door to communicate.

ZH: 他的车被撞了，因此他找上门来解决赔偿问题。
EN: His car was hit, so he went to the door to settle the compensation issue.

ZH: 我的朋友遇到了麻烦，他求助于我，于是我找上门去帮助他。
EN: My friend encountered trouble and asked for my help, so I came to his door to assist him.
