ZH: 他将所有的积蓄都投向了这个创业项目。
EN: He invested all his savings in this entrepreneurial project.

ZH: 她决定把全部精力投向学术研究。
EN: She decided to dedicate all her energy to academic research.

ZH: 这笔资金被投向了医疗设备的研发。
EN: This funding was invested in the research and development of medical equipment.

ZH: 他为了获取更多市场份额，将大部分资源投向了市场营销。
EN: In order to gain more market share, he allocated most of the resources to marketing.

ZH: 这家公司将全部精力投向了绿色环保产品的生产。
EN: This company focused all its efforts on the production of environmentally friendly products.

ZH: 他投向这个项目的资金很快就得到了回报。
EN: The funds he invested in this project quickly yielded returns.

ZH: 这些学生投向自己的学业，取得了很好的成绩。
EN: These students devoted themselves to their studies and achieved excellent grades.

ZH: 公司将大量人力资源投向了产品研发。
EN: The company allocated a substantial amount of human resources to product development.

ZH: 她将全部心血投向了这本小说的创作。
EN: She put all her effort into the creation of this novel.

ZH: 他们计划将投资重点调整为新兴市场。
EN: They plan to shift the investment focus to emerging markets.

ZH: 企业决定将部分资金投向社会公益事业。
EN: The company decided to invest part of its funds in social welfare.

ZH: 这个项目正迅速吸引投资者的投向。
EN: This project is rapidly attracting the investment of stakeholders.

ZH: 他们决定将主要精力投向新产品的研发。
EN: They decided to put their main efforts into the research and development of new products.

ZH: 这家公司选择将投资重点转移到电子商务领域。
EN: This company chose to shift the investment focus to the e-commerce sector.

ZH: 为了扩大市场份额，他们把更多资源投向了市场推广。
EN: In order to expand market share, they allocated more resources to market promotion.

ZH: 这些捐款将被投向教育事业的发展。
EN: These donations will be invested in the development of education.

ZH: 为了提升竞争力，他们将资金投向了技术研究。
EN: In order to enhance competitiveness, they invested funds in technological research.

ZH: 这些专家将自己的经验和知识投向了青年人的培养。
EN: These experts dedicated their experience and knowledge to nurturing young talents.

ZH: 高校将更多资源投向了国际交流项目。
EN: Universities allocated more resources to international exchange programs.

ZH: 由于市场需求的变化，他们将业务重心投向了新兴产业。
EN: Due to changes in market demand, they shifted their business focus to emerging industries.
