ZH: 我母亲在年轻的时候投奔了大城市。
EN: My mother migrated to a big city when she was young.

ZH: 这些难民投奔到了另一个国家。
EN: These refugees have sought refuge in another country.

ZH: 在逃犯沦为流浪汉之后，他投奔了一个慈善机构。
EN: After becoming a homeless person, the fugitive sought shelter with a charity organization.

ZH: 青年决定离开家乡投奔他的朋友。
EN: The young man decided to leave his hometown and seek refuge with his friend.

ZH: 许多人在战乱中被迫投奔邻国。
EN: Many people were forced to seek refuge in neighboring countries during the war.

ZH: 当他身无分文时，他投奔了他的亲戚。
EN: When he was penniless, he sought refuge with his relatives.

ZH: 这个国家的经济危机迫使很多人投奔其他国家。
EN: The economic crisis of this country forced many people to seek shelter in other countries.

ZH: 这名流浪汉投奔到一家教堂寻求帮助。
EN: The homeless man sought refuge in a church for help.

ZH: 他从农村投奔到城市，希望找一份好工作。
EN: He migrated from the countryside to the city, hoping to find a good job.

ZH: 在战争爆发时，人们纷纷投奔到遥远的地方。
EN: When the war broke out, people flocked to faraway places seeking refuge.

ZH: 这个家庭被迫投奔到一个安全的地方逃避暴力。
EN: The family was forced to seek refuge in a safe place to escape violence.

ZH: 家里发生了火灾，他们只能投奔邻居家。
EN: There was a fire at home, and they had to seek shelter with their neighbors.

ZH: 在经历了自然灾害后，许多人无家可归，只能投奔到避难所。
EN: After experiencing a natural disaster, many people became homeless and could only seek refuge in shelters.

ZH: 在经济危机中，很多人被迫离开家乡，投奔到他们认为更有机会的城市。
EN: During the economic crisis, many people were forced to leave their hometowns and seek refuge in cities they believed offered better opportunities.

ZH: 过去几年，很多人离开农村投奔到城市，以追求更好的生活。
EN: In the past few years, many people have left rural areas and migrated to cities in order to pursue a better life.

ZH: 这位艺术家在国外享有声誉，因此许多学生纷纷投奔到他的工作室学习。
EN: This artist is renowned abroad, so many students flock to his studio to study with him.

ZH: 童年时期，她投奔到一个孤儿院，因为父母去世了。
EN: In her childhood, she sought refuge in an orphanage because her parents passed away.

ZH: 这些难民投奔到另一个国家，希望找到更安全的居住环境。
EN: These refugees seek refuge in another country, hoping to find a safer living environment.

ZH: 当遇到困难时，我们可以投奔到朋友或亲人那里寻求支持。
EN: When facing difficulties, we can seek refuge with friends or family for support.

ZH: 被家暴的妇女通常会投奔到庇护所以求保护。
EN: Women who experience domestic violence usually seek refuge in shelters for protection.
