ZH: 他送我一本书，我只能投桃报李送他一本。
EN: He gave me a book, so I can only return the favor by giving him one too.

ZH: 我请客吃饭，她主动投桃报李请我喝咖啡。
EN: I treated her to dinner, and she insisted on treating me to coffee in return.

ZH: 他写了一封感谢信，她也投桃报李写了一封。
EN: He wrote a thank-you letter, and she responded by writing one as well.

ZH: 在他生日时送他礼物，他意外地投桃报李给我送了一份。
EN: I gave him a gift on his birthday, and he unexpectedly returned the favor by giving me one too.

ZH: 朋友们来我家做客，我决定投桃报李去他们的家里串门。
EN: My friends came to my house for a visit, so I decided to return the favor by visiting their home as well.

ZH: 给她借的书，她看完后投桃报李送了给我。
EN: I lent her a book, and after she finished reading it, she returned the favor by giving it back to me.

ZH: 我送她一束花，她很高兴地投桃报李送了给我一盆绿植。
EN: I gave her a bouquet of flowers, and she happily returned the favor by giving me a potted plant.

ZH: 他借我一个月的工资，我当然要投桃报李还他。
EN: He lent me a month's worth of salary, so of course I had to return the favor by paying him back.

ZH: 我们在健身房偶遇，他主动投桃报李邀请我一起锻炼。
EN: We ran into each other at the gym, and he took the initiative to invite me to workout together.

ZH: 我帮他修理电脑，他主动投桃报李帮忙整理我的文件。
EN: I helped him fix his computer, and he took the initiative to help me organize my files.

ZH: 给她借了一双鞋，她主动投桃报李还我一双新的。
EN: I lent her a pair of shoes, and she willingly returned the favor by giving me a new pair.

ZH: 我送她一瓶酒，她投桃报李送了给我一盒巧克力。
EN: I gave her a bottle of wine, and she returned the favor by giving me a box of chocolates.

ZH: 他帮我搬家，我得投桃报李让他吃顿大餐。
EN: He helped me move, so I have to return the favor by treating him to a big meal.

ZH: 我送他一张音乐会的门票，没想到他会主动投桃报李送我一张。
EN: I gave him a ticket to a music concert, but I didn't expect him to return the favor by giving me one too.

ZH: 她买给我一件漂亮的围巾，我只好投桃报李送她一条项链。
EN: She bought me a beautiful scarf, so I had to return the favor by giving her a necklace.

ZH: 我们之间一直互送礼物，这就是真正的投桃报李。
EN: We have been exchanging gifts with each other, which is true "投桃报李".

ZH: 他请我吃晚饭，我决定投桃报李请他看场电影。
EN: He treated me to dinner, so I decided to return the favor by taking him to see a movie.

ZH: 她送给我一本小说，我很感动地投桃报李送给她一张卡片。
EN: She gave me a novel, and I was touched to return the favor by giving her a card.

ZH: 我买了一件衬衫给他，没想到他竟然投桃报李送了我一本书。
EN: I bought him a shirt, and to my surprise, he returned the favor by giving me a book.

ZH: 在他生病时照顾他，他康复后便投桃报李照顾我。
EN: I took care of him when he was sick, and he returned the favor by taking care of me after he recovered.
