ZH: 他们两个人在工作中经常合作，所以相互之间非常投缘。
EN: They often collaborate at work, so they get along very well with each other.

ZH: 我们的兴趣爱好很相似，所以我们很容易彼此投缘。
EN: Our interests and hobbies are very similar, so we easily hit it off with each other.

ZH: 他们两个人在学校时就认识了，因为性格投缘，所以成了好朋友。
EN: They met in school and became good friends because they had compatible personalities.

ZH: 那位演员和导演在拍摄过程中非常投缘，所以合作得非常愉快。
EN: The actor and director got along very well during the filming process, so they had a very pleasant cooperation.

ZH: 这对夫妇感情很好，因为他们两个人非常投缘。
EN: This couple has a good relationship because they get along very well.

ZH: 在大学里，我们相处得很融洽，因此非常投缘。
EN: We have a harmonious relationship in college, so we get along very well.

ZH: 我和他之间从一开始就很投缘，我们很快就变成了亲密的朋友。
EN: We hit it off from the beginning and quickly became close friends.

ZH: 他们两个与对方的思维方式非常投缘，所以工作时总是能够默契地合作。
EN: They are very compatible with each other in terms of their way of thinking, so they always cooperate in sync at work.

ZH: 虽然他们是第一次见面，但是却很投缘，聊得非常开心。
EN: Although it was their first meeting, they hit it off and had a great time chatting.

ZH: 在旅行中，我们彼此之间非常投缘，一起度过了愉快的时光。
EN: We got along very well during the trip and had a great time together.

ZH: 他们两个人的性格非常相似，因此非常投缘。
EN: Their personalities are very similar, so they get along very well.

ZH: 在工作场所，我们经常一起合作，因为非常投缘。
EN: We often collaborate at work because we get along very well.

ZH: 他们两人之间没有任何矛盾，因为他们投缘很好。
EN: There are no conflicts between them because they have a good rapport.

ZH: 他们两人喜欢的音乐风格非常相似，所以非常投缘。
EN: They have a similar taste in music, so they get along very well.

ZH: 那个团队成员和经理投缘得很好，所以工作变得更加轻松愉快。
EN: The team member gets along very well with the manager, so work becomes easier and more enjoyable.

ZH: 在语言交流中，我们之间互相理解，非常投缘。
EN: We understand each other well in language communication, and we get along very well.

ZH: 他们两个人的价值观非常相近，所以非常投缘。
EN: Their values are very similar, so they get along very well.

ZH: 在一起工作的这段时间，我们发现我们非常投缘。
EN: During the time of working together, we found that we get along very well.

ZH: 我们从第一次见面就投缘了，成为了很好的朋友。
EN: We hit it off from the first meeting and became good friends.
