ZH: 他们为了抢先一步，提前一个小时到达了机场。
EN: In order to take the lead, they arrived at the airport one hour early.

ZH: 这个公司总是能够抢先其他竞争对手推出新产品。
EN: This company is always able to be ahead of their competitors in launching new products.

ZH: 你必须抢先预订酒店，以确保能够得到房间。
EN: You must book the hotel in advance to ensure getting a room.

ZH: 这位球员在比赛中抢先射门，成功得分了！
EN: This player took the lead in shooting during the match and scored!

ZH: 为了抢先发现新星，经纪人要不断地寻找新的才华。
EN: In order to discover rising stars before anyone else, agents need to constantly search for new talents.

ZH: 他们抢先修建了新的高速公路，以缩短市民的通勤时间。
EN: They took the lead in building a new highway to reduce commuting time for the residents.

ZH: 我们抢先购买了新款手机，感觉很潮！
EN: We purchased the new model of phone in advance and it feels trendy!

ZH: 这个公司的策划能力总是能抢先于市场，带来巨大成功。
EN: This company's planning ability always manages to take the lead in the market and brings tremendous success.

ZH: 他抢先向老板提出了有关改进工作流程的建议。
EN: He took the lead in suggesting improvements in the work process to the boss.

ZH: 抢先发售的电影票很快就被抢购一空了。
EN: The movie tickets that were sold in advance were quickly sold out.

ZH: 为了抢先达到目的地，司机选择了较短的路线。
EN: In order to arrive at the destination ahead of others, the driver chose a shorter route.

ZH: 他们抢先预售了明年的演唱会门票，确保了自己的位置。
EN: They pre-sold the concert tickets for next year ahead of time, securing their spots.

ZH: 这位设计师总是能够抢先提出时尚潮流的预测。
EN: This designer is always able to come up with fashion trend predictions ahead of others.

ZH: 为了抢先得到驾照，他报名参加了驾驶学校的夏令营。
EN: In order to get the driver's license ahead of others, he enrolled in the driving school's summer camp.

ZH: 在这个快节奏的行业中，要抢先学习新知识才能保持竞争力。
EN: In this fast-paced industry, one must learn new knowledge ahead of others in order to stay competitive.

ZH: 这家咖啡店的新品抢先上市，吸引了很多人排队购买。
EN: The new product of this coffee shop was released ahead of others and attracted a lot of people to queue and buy.

ZH: 新闻记者总是抢先报道重要新闻，以吸引更多的读者。
EN: News reporters always strive to report important news ahead of others to attract more readers.

ZH: 他们趁着旅游旺季抢先订购了机票和酒店。
EN: They took the opportunity during the peak season for tourism to book flights and hotels in advance.

ZH: 快递公司为了抢先交付包裹，通常会采用快速配送的方式。
EN: Delivery companies often use expedited shipping methods in order to deliver packages ahead of others.

ZH: 在竞赛中，他们抢先领先，最终赢得了比赛。
EN: In the competition, they took the lead early on and ultimately won the match.
