ZH: 我没办法接受全职工作，因为我担心无法兼顾家庭。
EN: I can't take on a full-time job because I worry about balancing it with my family.

ZH: 她心存疑虑，担心明天的会议会怎么样。
EN: She was filled with doubts, worrying about how the meeting would go tomorrow.

ZH: 政府承担了修建这座桥梁的费用。
EN: The government undertook the cost of building this bridge.

ZH: 他被委托担任新项目的项目经理。
EN: He was entrusted to take on the role of project manager for the new project.

ZH: 爷爷总是担心我的未来是否会有保障。
EN: Grandpa always worries about whether my future will be secure.

ZH: 她挑了包重物，把它们全部担到了楼上。
EN: She picked up the heavy bags and carried them all upstairs.

ZH: 考试前的紧张情绪让我感到很不安，担心无法取得好成绩。
EN: The nervousness before the exam made me feel very uneasy, worried that I wouldn't be able to get good grades.

ZH: 公司决定由他来担任新项目的项目经理。
EN: The company decided to have him take on the role of project manager for the new project.

ZH: 我会担起照顾家人的责任。
EN: I will take on the responsibility of taking care of my family.

ZH: 他担负了组织这次活动的重任。
EN: He undertook the heavy responsibility of organizing this event.

ZH: 她坚定地担当起了维护人权的使命。
EN: She firmly took on the mission of safeguarding human rights.

ZH: 他担心自己无法胜任这个新职位。
EN: He worried that he wouldn't be able to handle this new position.

ZH: 学生们互相之间要担起了保护环境的责任。
EN: The students must take on the responsibility of protecting the environment.

ZH: 他一肩担起了家庭的生活费用。
EN: He shoulders the living expenses of the family on his own.

ZH: 她深深担心我们之间的友情是否还会保持下去。
EN: She deeply worries about whether the friendship between us will last.

ZH: 我们要担起维护国家安全的责任。
EN: We must take on the responsibility of safeguarding national security.

ZH: 她不愿接受别人的帮助，总是担着一切。
EN: She is reluctant to accept help from others and always carries everything on her own.

ZH: 老板让我担任这个新项目的负责人。
EN: The boss asked me to take on the role of being in charge of this new project.

ZH: 他满腹疑虑，担心自己无法完成这个任务。
EN: He was full of doubts, worried that he wouldn't be able to complete this task.

ZH: 她总是担任家里的照顾者，从不觉得有压力。
EN: She always takes on the role of caregiver at home and never feels stressed.
