ZH: 那个计划太复杂了，我们还是拉倒吧。
EN: The plan is too complicated, let's drop it.

ZH: 我没兴趣参加这个活动，你们去吧，我要拉倒。
EN: I'm not interested in participating in this event, you guys go ahead, I'm out.

ZH: 这个项目没有利润，我们决定拉倒了。
EN: This project has no profit, we've decided to give up.

ZH: 他一次又一次错过机会，让朋友们都觉得他应该拉倒。
EN: He missed opportunities over and over again, making his friends all think he should give up.

ZH: 不管多麻烦，我们也不能轻易地就拉倒，得坚持下去。
EN: No matter how troublesome it is, we can't easily give up, we have to persist.

ZH: 我们已经尽力了，但情况实在无法挽回，只好拉倒了。
EN: We have tried our best, but the situation is beyond salvage, we have no choice but to give up.

ZH: 这个计划太冒险了，我不敢再继续了，我决定拉倒。
EN: This plan is too risky, I dare not continue, I've decided to back out.

ZH: 我没料到这么多困难，觉得自己应该拉倒，重新开始。
EN: I didn't expect so many difficulties, I feel like I should call it quits and start over.

ZH: 这个合作根本没前途，我们最好拉倒，各自发展吧。
EN: This cooperation has no future at all, we should just give up and go our separate ways.

ZH: 老板给我的工作任务太多了，我感觉自己快要拉倒了。
EN: The workload the boss gave me is too much, I feel like I'm about to give in.

ZH: 这场比赛对手太强大了，我觉得我们应该拉倒。
EN: The opponent in this game is too strong, I think we should give up.

ZH: 这个产品的销售情况越来越糟糕，我们觉得是时候拉倒了。
EN: The sales of this product are getting worse and worse, we feel it's time to call it quits.

ZH: 这个计划的可行性越来越低，我们觉得应该拉倒了。
EN: The feasibility of this plan is getting lower and lower, we think it should be abandoned.

ZH: 这次演出的表演效果太糟糕了，我们可能得拉倒。
EN: The performance of this show is too terrible, we may have to cancel it.

ZH: 这个事情越来越困难，我们得考虑是否要拉倒了。
EN: This matter is getting more and more difficult, we have to consider whether we should give up.

ZH: 我们已经失败了太多次了，或许应该拉倒了。
EN: We have failed too many times already, perhaps we should just give up.

ZH: 这个问题太复杂了，我们搞不清楚，只好拉倒。
EN: This problem is too complicated, we can't figure it out, we have to give up.

ZH: 这个计划的经济成本太高了，我们没办法继续进行，只好拉倒。
EN: The economic cost of this plan is too high, we have no way to continue, we have to give up.

ZH: 这场比赛的情况对我们不利，我们决定主动拉倒。
EN: The situation in this game is not favorable for us, we've decided to proactively back out.

ZH: 这个决策会导致很大的风险，我们应该拉倒。
EN: This decision will lead to a great risk, we should give up.
