ZH: 他总是很直接，喜欢指名道姓地指出他人的错误。
EN: He is always straightforward, liking to call out others' mistakes by name.

ZH: 她不喜欢含糊其辞，喜欢指名道姓地表达自己的不满。
EN: She doesn't like beating around the bush, preferring to specify her dissatisfaction by name.

ZH: 请你别再指名道姓地指责他了，这样很伤人。
EN: Please stop blaming him by name, it's hurtful.

ZH: 老板很喜欢指名道姓地表扬员工，让大家都知道谁做得好。
EN: The boss likes to praise employees by name, letting everyone know who did a good job.

ZH: 我不喜欢指名道姓地批评别人，那样会造成尴尬。
EN: I don't like to criticize others by name, it could lead to awkward situations.

ZH: 你应该指名道姓地告诉他们你的不满，不要憋在心里。
EN: You should specify your dissatisfaction by name to them, don't keep it to yourself.

ZH: 他总是指名道姓地批评同事，给人很不好的印象。
EN: He always criticizes colleagues by name, leaving a bad impression on others.

ZH: 老师在课堂上指名道姓地批评了那个不守规矩的学生。
EN: The teacher criticized that naughty student by name in class.

ZH: 不要用这种方式指名道姓地讨论问题，会伤害到别人。
EN: Don't discuss issues by specifying names in this way, it will hurt others.

ZH: 父母总是指名道姓地要求孩子做到最好。
EN: Parents always demand the best from their children by name.

ZH: 请不要指名道姓地讨论这个敏感话题，会引起争端。
EN: Please don't discuss this sensitive topic by naming names, it will cause conflicts.

ZH: 总裁在会议上指名道姓地表扬了那个创新能手。
EN: The CEO praised that innovative talent by name in the meeting.

ZH: 妈妈总是指名道姓地责备我们在家里不好好收拾。
EN: Mom always blames us for not cleaning up properly at home by name.

ZH: 他勇敢地指名道姓地揭露了公司内部的腐败行为。
EN: He bravely exposed the corrupt behavior within the company by naming names.

ZH: 他总是喜欢指名道姓地赞扬别人，让人觉得他很诚实。
EN: He always likes to praise others by name, making people think he is honest.

ZH: 在团队中不要指名道姓地批评，应该以团队为单位解决问题。
EN: Don't criticize individuals by name in the team, problems should be solved as a team.

ZH: 她指名道姓地告诉了老板谁在背后议论他。
EN: She told the boss by name who was talking behind his back.

ZH: 这位教授直率地指名道姓地表扬了那位聪明的学生。
EN: The professor straightforwardly praised that clever student by name.

ZH: 大家不应该指名道姓地评论他人的外表，这是不礼貌的。
EN: People shouldn't comment on others' appearance by naming names, it's impolite.

ZH: 警察指名道姓地通知家属他们的亲人遭遇了意外。
EN: The police informed the family members by name that their loved one had an accident.
