ZH: 他为了找到她喜欢的礼物，挖空心思地逛了好几个商场。
EN: He searched through several malls to find the perfect gift for her, racking his brains.

ZH: 她挖空心思设计了一个独特的生日惊喜。
EN: She put a lot of effort into designing a unique birthday surprise, using all her brainpower.

ZH: 为了组织一场成功的派对，他们挖空心思准备了很多精彩节目。
EN: They brainstormed a lot of exciting activities in order to organize a successful party.

ZH: 我们需要挖空心思找到解决这个问题的办法。
EN: We need to think hard and come up with a solution to this problem.

ZH: 办好这次活动，我们得挖空心思。
EN: We need to put in a lot of effort to make this event a success.

ZH: 作为家长，我们必须挖空心思教育孩子。
EN: As parents, we must use all our creativity to educate our children.

ZH: 她挖空心思地为公司找到了一个新的发展方向。
EN: She came up with a new direction for the company, using all her creativity.

ZH: 为了完成这个项目，我们必须挖空心思解决各种难题。
EN: In order to complete this project, we must put in a lot of effort to solve various problems.

ZH: 如果你挖空心思准备，一切都会变得更容易。
EN: If you put in the effort to brainstorm and prepare, everything will become easier.

ZH: 为了赢得比赛，我们必须挖空心思训练。
EN: In order to win the game, we must put in the effort to train hard.

ZH: 比赛前一晚，他们挖空心思设计了一个全新的战术。
EN: The night before the match, they brainstormed and created a whole new tactic.

ZH: 我会挖空心思找到一个解决方案的。
EN: I will use all my creativity to find a solution.

ZH: 他挖空心思地准备了一份特别的晚餐来庆祝他们的结婚纪念日。
EN: He put in a lot of effort to prepare a special dinner to celebrate their anniversary.

ZH: 这个团队总是挖空心思探索新的创意。
EN: This team is always brainstorming and exploring new ideas.

ZH: 我们挖空心思找到了一种更有效的工作方法。
EN: We put in a lot of effort to find a more efficient way of working.

ZH: 为了实现这个目标，我们需要挖空心思。
EN: In order to achieve this goal, we need to put in a lot of effort.

ZH: 她挖空心思设计了一个惊人的时装秀。
EN: She brainstormed and designed an amazing fashion show.

ZH: 我们挖空心思组织了一次成功的慈善活动。
EN: We put a lot of effort into organizing a successful charity event.

ZH: 对于这个难题，我们需要挖空心思找到解决方法。
EN: For this difficult problem, we need to put in the effort to find a solution.

ZH: 他总是挖空心思为客户找到最佳方案。
EN: He always uses all his creativity to find the best solution for clients.
