ZH: 他经常挨打，因为他老是说话不经过大脑。
EN: He often gets punched because he always speaks without thinking.

ZH: 昨天他挨打了一巴掌，他气得大吼一声。
EN: He got slapped in the face yesterday, and he screamed in anger.

ZH: 如果你继续这样惹事生非，就一定会挨打。
EN: If you continue to cause trouble like this, you will definitely get beaten up.

ZH: 骑车不小心撞到了别人，结果挨了一顿揍。
EN: He accidentally knocked into someone while biking and ended up getting a beating.

ZH: 飚车的年轻人很容易挨打，要小心驾驶！
EN: Young people who drive recklessly are more likely to get beaten up. Be careful while driving!

ZH: 这个小孩爱惹事，上学经常挨打。
EN: This kid loves causing trouble and often gets beaten up at school.

ZH: 弟弟调皮捣蛋，经常挨大哥揍。
EN: The little brother is mischievous and often gets beaten up by his older brother.

ZH: 在监狱里要学会自卫，不然会挨打。
EN: You have to learn how to defend yourself in prison, or else you'll get beaten up.

ZH: 他因为调皮捣蛋，挨了妈妈一顿胖揍。
EN: He got a good beating from his mother for being mischievous and naughty.

ZH: 酒吧里打架是常有的事，挨打的人多了去了。
EN: Fighting in bars is not uncommon, and many people end up getting beaten up.

ZH: 小狗惹了大狗，结果挨了一顿教训。
EN: The little dog provoked the big dog and ended up getting a lesson.

ZH: 别再惹事生非，否则只会挨打。
EN: Stop making trouble, or you'll just end up getting beaten up.

ZH: 他挨了老板一顿猛烈的批评，心里很不爽。
EN: He received a harsh criticism from his boss, and he felt very unhappy about it.

ZH: 因为做错事，他不幸挨了一顿严厉训斥。
EN: He received a severe scolding for doing something wrong.

ZH: 我不小心得罪了他，结果挨了一顿骂。
EN: I accidentally offended him, and as a result, I got scolded.

ZH: 他不小心碰倒了老板的文件柜，挨了老板的责骂。
EN: He accidentally knocked over the boss's filing cabinet and got a scolding from the boss.

ZH: 作为队长，你不能挨打了就不还手。
EN: As the team captain, you can't just take a beating without fighting back.

ZH: 遇到危险时，不要逞能，不然就会挨打。
EN: Don't try to show off when faced with danger, or you'll end up getting beaten up.

ZH: 他心情不好，别碰他，否则很容易挨打。
EN: He's in a bad mood, so don't touch him, or else you might get beaten up.

ZH: 她因为胆子大，经常挨爸爸的批评。
EN: Because she is so bold, she often gets criticized by her father.
