ZH: 我想把这个颜色换成红色。
EN: I want to change this color to red.

ZH: 他试图把自行车的轮胎换成全新的。
EN: He tried to replace the tires of the bicycle with brand new ones.

ZH: 如果你不喜欢这种款式，你可以换成其他的。
EN: If you don't like this style, you can exchange it for another one.

ZH: 她决定把原计划的旅行目的地换成了海滩。
EN: She decided to replace the original planned destination for the beach.

ZH: 我已经将原计划的时间换成了晚上。
EN: I have changed the original planned time to the evening.

ZH: 我觉得这个新洗发水换成了我的头发更柔顺。
EN: I feel that this new shampoo made my hair softer.

ZH: 你能换成这个更容易理解的单词吗？
EN: Can you replace this with a word that is easier to understand?

ZH: 如果你不喜欢这本书，你可以把它换成其他的。
EN: If you don't like this book, you can exchange it for another one.

ZH: 由于天气原因，我们决定将活动的日期换成下周。
EN: Due to weather conditions, we decided to change the date of the event to next week.

ZH: 我马上就能把这个插头换成一个适配器。
EN: I can immediately change this plug to an adapter.

ZH: 这个团队已经决定换成一个更具挑战性的项目。
EN: This team has decided to switch to a more challenging project.

ZH: 他打算把这个老一点的电视换成一个新的高清电视。
EN: He plans to replace this older television with a new high-definition one.

ZH: 我得将这个长袖衬衫换成短袖，太热了。
EN: I have to change this long-sleeved shirt to a short-sleeved one, it's too hot.

ZH: 如果你不喜欢这个房间的布置，我们可以帮你换成另一个。
EN: If you don't like the arrangement of this room, we can help you switch to another one.

ZH: 他打算将原来的工作场所换成一个更宽敞舒适的。
EN: He plans to replace the original workplace with a more spacious and comfortable one.

ZH: 我们需要把乘客的飞机座位换成更好的。
EN: We need to change the passengers' airplane seats to better ones.

ZH: 我已经把糖换成了蜂蜜，这样更健康。
EN: I have replaced the sugar with honey, which is healthier.

ZH: 这家餐馆承诺如果菜的味道不好，可以免费换成其他的。
EN: This restaurant promises to replace the dish with another one for free if it doesn't taste good.

ZH: 请把这个报价单的金额换成美元。
EN: Please change the amount on this quote to dollars.

ZH: 这个手机的电池可以换成更耐用的。
EN: The battery of this mobile phone can be replaced with a more durable one.

ZH: 她喜欢把墙上的照片换成不同的家庭照片。
EN: She likes to change the pictures on the wall to different family photos.
