ZH: 他们的新单曲登上了音乐排行榜。
EN: Their new single topped the music charts.
ZH: 这本小说在畅销书排行榜上连续五周排名第一。
EN: This novel has been at the top of the bestseller list for five consecutive weeks.
ZH: 我们可以通过查看排行榜来了解最受欢迎的产品。
EN: We can learn about the most popular products by looking at the rankings.
ZH: 这部电影在全球排行榜上跻身前十。
EN: This movie made it to the top ten on the global charts.
ZH: 这家餐馆在本地美食排行榜上名列前茅。
EN: This restaurant ranks high on the local food chart.
ZH: 他们的团队在比赛排行榜上排名第二。
EN: Their team ranks second on the competition leaderboard.
ZH: 这位演员是今年最受欢迎的影视人物之一。
EN: This actor is one of the most popular figures in film and television this year.
ZH: 这家企业已经连续三年在行业排行榜上名列前茅。
EN: This company has been at the top of the industry rankings for three consecutive years.
ZH: 小米手机一直在智能手机销量排行榜上稳居前列。
EN: Xiaomi phones have consistently ranked high on the smartphone sales chart.
ZH: 这本小说在豆瓣读书排行榜上获得了高分评价。
EN: This novel received high ratings on the Douban reading list.
ZH: 他的新歌很快冲上了音乐排行榜的榜首。
EN: His new song quickly rose to the top of the music charts.
ZH: 这位歌手的专辑连续三周在流行榜上名列前茅。
EN: This singer's album has been at the top of the pop charts for three consecutive weeks.
ZH: 他们的产品在销售排行榜上位居前十。
EN: Their product ranks in the top ten on the sales charts.
ZH: 这部电影在影院上演后很快跻身票房排行榜。
EN: This movie quickly made it onto the box office charts after its release in theaters.
ZH: 这篇报告在行业研究排行榜上被评为最佳。
EN: This report was rated the best on the industry research ranking.
ZH: 这支军乐队在全国音乐排行榜上名列前茅。
EN: This military band ranks high on the national music chart.
ZH: 这款手机在消费者评价排行榜上获得了高分。
EN: This phone received high ratings on the consumer review list.
ZH: 他们的团队连续五次摘得比赛冠军，一直稳居排行榜首位。
EN: Their team has won the championship five times in a row, staying at the top of the leaderboard.
ZH: 这次活动获得了很高的关注度，因此在热门排行榜上排名很靠前。
EN: This event received a lot of attention, thus ranking high on the popular list.
ZH: 这部电影在奥斯卡奖提名名单上名列第一。
EN: This movie topped the list of Oscar nominations.
ZH: 这家公司在科技行业排行榜上具有一定的影响力。
EN: This company has a certain influence on the technology industry ranking.
