ZH: 我正在探听流行音乐的最新趋势。
EN: I am trying to find out the latest trends in pop music.

ZH: 他向朋友们探听了学校的各种课程。
EN: He sought information from his friends about various courses in the school.

ZH: 她探听了他们家的新闻，发现他们要搬家了。
EN: She discovered the news of their move by eavesdropping on their conversation.

ZH: 我们需要探听市场的需求，来制定新产品的计划。
EN: We need to survey the market's demands in order to make plans for new products.

ZH: 他每天都会探听天气预报，以决定出门的穿着。
EN: He checks the weather forecast daily to decide what to wear when going out.

ZH: 她探听了孩子们的声音，想知道他们在干什么。
EN: She listened in on the children's conversation to find out what they were up to.

ZH: 我们需要探听公司的竞争情况，来制定我们的市场策略。
EN: We need to gather information about the company's competition to formulate our marketing strategy.

ZH: 他通过探听消息得知了公司即将发生的重大变化。
EN: He got wind of the major changes happening in the company through eavesdropping on conversations.

ZH: 她静静地探听了教室里同学们的对话。
EN: She quietly eavesdropped on the conversations of her classmates in the classroom.

ZH: 我不喜欢探听别人的私人事务。
EN: I don't like prying into other people's personal affairs.

ZH: 他们一直在探听邻居之间的吵架原因。
EN: They were constantly trying to find out the reasons behind the quarrels between their neighbors.

ZH: 我们要通过探听顾客的反馈意见来改进我们的产品。
EN: We need to improve our products based on the feedback gathered through listening to our customers.

ZH: 我们的主要任务是探听市场的需求并满足它们。
EN: Our main task is to listen to the market's demands and fulfill them.

ZH: 她深夜探听父母的谈话，想弄清楚他们的计划。
EN: She stayed up late to eavesdrop on her parents' conversation, trying to figure out their plans.

ZH: 他通过探听消息，得知了考试的内容。
EN: He found out about the exam content by eavesdropping on the information.

ZH: 请不要探听别人的电话通话。
EN: Please do not eavesdrop on other people's phone conversations.

ZH: 我们应该积极探听员工的意见和建议。
EN: We should actively listen to the opinions and suggestions of our employees.

ZH: 那部电影改编自一本探听世界大战的小说。
EN: The movie is based on a novel that eavesdrops on the world war.

ZH: 她偷偷地探听他们的谈话，以便知道他们的计划。
EN: She secretly eavesdropped on their conversation in order to know their plans.

ZH: 我们要通过探听客户的声音来调整我们的服务。
EN: We need to adjust our services based on listening to the voice of our customers.
