ZH: 我们离考试还有一周的时间了，你觉得我们的复习进度接近了吗？
EN: We have only one week left until the exam. Do you think our review progress is getting close?

ZH: 这座城市的交通非常方便，任何地方都接近。
EN: The transportation in this city is very convenient. Every place is easily accessible.

ZH: 他工作认真细致，接近完美的程度。
EN: He works meticulously, approaching perfection.

ZH: 如果你做到专注于每一天的计划，你将不断地接近自己的目标。
EN: If you stay focused on your daily plans, you will steadily approach your goals.

ZH: 这座房子离学校很远，但是离超市很接近。
EN: This house is far from the school, but it is close to the supermarket.

ZH: 天气冷了，我觉得冬天已经接近了。
EN: It's getting colder, I feel like winter is approaching.

ZH: 请接近舞台，让其他观众也有机会看到。
EN: Please come closer to the stage so that other audience members have a chance to see as well.

ZH: 工作上遇到挫折是正常的，但是不要放弃，你离成功已经很接近了。
EN: Facing setbacks at work is normal, but don't give up. You are already close to success.

ZH: 他的行为接近疯狂，让人感到害怕。
EN: His behavior is close to madness, which is frightening.

ZH: 我们已经接近达成协议的阶段，只需要再商讨细节了。
EN: We are approaching the stage of reaching an agreement, we just need to discuss the details.

ZH: 她的时尚品味接近于完美，总是穿得很漂亮。
EN: Her fashion taste is close to perfection; she always dresses beautifully.

ZH: 他的成绩在班级中接近前三名。
EN: His grades are close to the top three in the class.

ZH: 这些学习资料很接近我所需要的内容。
EN: These study materials are close to what I need.

ZH: 医生说他的病情接近于康复了，很快就能出院。
EN: The doctor said his condition is close to recovery, and he will be discharged soon.

ZH: 我们和他的观点接近，所以我们可以合作。
EN: Our views are close to his, so we can collaborate.

ZH: 时间已经接近午夜，我们应该考虑回家了。
EN: It's nearing midnight, we should consider heading home.

ZH: 这个星系距离我们非常远，但是它的形状接近一个圆。
EN: This galaxy is very far from us, but its shape is close to a circle.

ZH: 他的演讲方式接近于说教，让人不太喜欢。
EN: His way of speaking is close to preaching, which people don't really like.

ZH: 这个网站的设计非常接近于用户友好的界面。
EN: The design of this website is very close to user-friendly interface.

ZH: 因为接近週末，他感到非常放松而开心。
EN: He felt relaxed and happy because the weekend was approaching.
