ZH: 根据症状，医生推定我患有感冒。
EN: Based on the symptoms, the doctor estimated that I have a cold.

ZH: 警方推定这是一起谋杀案。
EN: The police estimated that this was a murder case.

ZH: 根据经验，她推定这次合作会非常成功。
EN: Based on experience, she estimated that this cooperation would be very successful.

ZH: 考虑到成本和时间，我们推定这个项目需要一个月来完成。
EN: Taking into account cost and time, we estimate that this project will take one month to complete.

ZH: 由于天气原因，机场工作人员推定飞机可能会晚点到达。
EN: Due to the weather, airport staff estimated that the plane might arrive late.

ZH: 研究人员推定这种植物生长在温暖的气候中。
EN: Researchers estimated that this plant grows in warm climates.

ZH: 分析结果推定这种药物对疾病的疗效不明显。
EN: The analysis results suggest that this drug has little effect on the disease.

ZH: 根据规则，裁判推定球出界了。
EN: According to the rules, the referee estimated that the ball went out of bounds.

ZH: 警方推定贼是徒手翻墙进入的。
EN: The police estimated that the thief entered by climbing over the wall barehanded.

ZH: 经过调查，公司推定财务状况不乐观。
EN: After investigation, the company estimated that the financial situation was not favorable.

ZH: 专家推定这次地震的震级可能超过六级。
EN: Experts estimated that the magnitude of this earthquake may exceed six.

ZH: 根据交通状况，我推定会迟到。
EN: Based on the traffic conditions, I estimated that I would be late.

ZH: 考虑到她的态度，他推定她会拒绝他的提议。
EN: Considering her attitude, he estimated that she would reject his proposal.

ZH: 根据目前的趋势，我们推定这家公司的市值会大幅增长。
EN: Based on the current trends, we estimate that the market value of this company will increase significantly.

ZH: 基于前几次的结果，我们推定这次考试会很难。
EN: Based on the results of the previous exams, we estimate that this exam will be difficult.

ZH: 考虑到他的记录，警方推定他很可能是罪犯。
EN: Considering his record, the police estimated that he was likely the criminal.

ZH: 经过分析，专家推定这种疾病的治疗方法。
EN: After analysis, experts estimated the treatment method for this disease.

ZH: 考虑到风险，投资者推定此项投资不明智。
EN: Considering the risks, investors estimated that this investment was not wise.

ZH: 根据证据，法官推定被告有罪。
EN: Based on the evidence, the judge estimated the defendant guilty.

ZH: 专家推定这片国家公园的面积约为2000平方公里。
EN: Experts estimated that the area of this national park is about 2000 square kilometers.
