ZH: 她推辞了公司的晋升机会。
EN: She declined the promotion opportunity at her company.

ZH: 我推辞了明天的会议，因为我有其他安排。
EN: I declined the meeting for tomorrow because I have other plans.

ZH: 他推辞了邀请参加晚宴的请求。
EN: He declined the invitation to the dinner party.

ZH: 她推辞了演出的机会，因为她不想公开表演。
EN: She declined the opportunity to perform because she didn't want to perform in public.

ZH: 我因为身体不适而推辞了参加聚会的邀请。
EN: I declined the invitation to the gathering because I wasn't feeling well.

ZH: 这位艺人推辞了出席颁奖典礼的请求。
EN: The artist declined the request to attend the award ceremony.

ZH: 我推辞了他的帮助，因为我想自己解决问题。
EN: I declined his help because I wanted to solve the problem on my own.

ZH: 她推辞了去旅行的机会，因为她必须照顾家里的孩子。
EN: She declined the opportunity to travel because she had to take care of her children at home.

ZH: 学校推辞了我参加学术会议的请求。
EN: The school declined my request to attend the academic conference.

ZH: 她推辞了参加电视访谈节目的机会。
EN: She declined the opportunity to be part of a television interview program.

ZH: 他推辞了参加运动比赛的邀请，因为他正在康复。
EN: He declined the invitation to join the sports competition because he was recovering.

ZH: 我推辞了做志愿者的机会，因为我已经有了全职工作。
EN: I declined the opportunity to be a volunteer because I already have a full-time job.

ZH: 她推辞了参加公司年度晚宴的邀请。
EN: She declined the invitation to attend the company's annual dinner.

ZH: 我推辞了参加周末远足活动的请求，因为我需要休息。
EN: I declined the request to join the weekend hiking activity because I needed rest.

ZH: 她推辞了帮助他人的机会，因为她忙于自己的事业。
EN: She declined the opportunity to help others because she was busy with her own career.

ZH: 我推辞了朋友的借钱请求，因为我不愿意借钱给他。
EN: I declined my friend's request for borrowing money because I didn't want to lend him any.

ZH: 老师推辞了学生请假的要求，因为他缺勤次数太多。
EN: The teacher declined the student's request for a leave of absence because of excessive absenteeism.

ZH: 他推辞了在学校组织活动的提议，因为他已经很忙。
EN: He declined the proposal to organize an event at school because he was already very busy.

ZH: 我推辞了给予她更多工作责任的请求，因为我已经有了很多事情要做。
EN: I declined the request to give her more job responsibilities because I already had a lot on my plate.

ZH: 她推辞了参加婚礼的邀请，因为她与新娘的关系不好。
EN: She declined the invitation to attend the wedding because she had a bad relationship with the bride.

ZH: 我推辞了出国交换的机会，因为我想继续在这所大学学习。
EN: I declined the opportunity for a study abroad exchange because I wanted to continue studying at this university.
