ZH: 由于天气不好，飞机的起飞时间被推迟了一个小时。
EN: Due to bad weather, the departure time of the airplane was delayed by one hour.

ZH: 请推迟会议的时间，我有一个重要的紧急安排。
EN: Please postpone the meeting, I have an important urgent appointment.

ZH: 他向老师请求能不能推迟交作业的截止日期。
EN: He asked the teacher if he could extend the deadline for submitting assignments.

ZH: 我的旅行计划被推迟了一周，因为我生病了。
EN: My travel plans got delayed by a week because I fell ill.

ZH: 他决定推迟结婚的日期，因为他觉得还没有准备好。
EN: He decided to postpone the wedding date because he felt he wasn't ready.

ZH: 这份报告的提交截止日期被推迟到下个星期。
EN: The deadline for submission of this report has been postponed to next week.

ZH: 由于技术问题，新产品的发布将被推迟到下一个季度。
EN: Due to technical issues, the release of the new product will be delayed until the next quarter.

ZH: 老板告诉我们，为了更好地准备，会议将被推迟到下周。
EN: The boss informed us that the meeting would be postponed until next week for better preparation.

ZH: 他的手术必须被推迟，因为医生有个紧急手术需要处理。
EN: His surgery has to be postponed because the doctor has an urgent operation to attend to.

ZH: 他打算原本在周末进行的派对推迟到下个月。
EN: He plans to postpone the party that was originally scheduled for the weekend to next month.

ZH: 由于故障，火车的出发时间被推迟了两个小时。
EN: Due to a malfunction, the departure time of the train was delayed by two hours.

ZH: 会议室还未准备好，所以会议被推迟了半小时。
EN: The meeting room is not ready yet, so the meeting has been delayed by half an hour.

ZH: 由于一场大雪，学校推迟了本周的开学日期。
EN: Due to heavy snowfall, the school has postponed the start date for this week.

ZH: 他请假了一个星期，以便推迟面试的日期。
EN: He took a week off to delay the interview date.

ZH: 这场比赛的开始时间已经推迟到晚上八点半。
EN: The start time of this match has been delayed to 8:30 pm.

ZH: 老板为了给员工更多准备时间，推迟了公司年会的日期。
EN: The boss postponed the date of the company's annual meeting to give employees more preparation time.

ZH: 学校决定推迟放假了一个星期，以确保学生的安全。
EN: The school decided to postpone the holiday by one week to ensure the safety of the students.

ZH: 他们推迟了演唱会的日期，因为主要歌手生病了。
EN: They postponed the concert date because the main singer fell ill.

ZH: 会议人数太少，因此决定推迟到人员较为齐全时再召开。
EN: The meeting had too few participants, so it was decided to postpone it until there are more people present.

ZH: 由于机械故障，航班被迫推迟了三小时。
EN: Due to a mechanical failure, the flight was forced to be delayed by three hours.
