ZH: 他一直喜欢揶揄别人，很少认真对待别人的感受。
EN: He always likes to mock others and rarely takes others' feelings seriously.

ZH: 她揶揄他的穿着方式，让他觉得很尴尬。
EN: She ridiculed his way of dressing, making him feel embarrassed.

ZH: 他经常揶揄我胆小怕事，但其实他自己也不敢冒险。
EN: He often taunts me for being timid, but in fact, he doesn't dare to take risks himself.

ZH: 我们之间的关系一直是以揶揄和调侃为主。
EN: The relationship between us has always been dominated by ridicule and teasing.

ZH: 揶揄他的无知只会让他更加气愤。
EN: Mocking his ignorance will only make him more angry.

ZH: 他揶揄着说：“你没有勇气去追求你的梦想！”
EN: He taunted, "You don't have the courage to pursue your dreams!"

ZH: 别人的揶揄只会让我更加坚定自己的选择。
EN: The mockery of others will only make me more firm in my choices.

ZH: 她一直以揶揄他的外貌为乐。
EN: She always takes pleasure in ridiculing his appearance.

ZH: 同学间的揶揄是他们之间的友谊表达。
EN: The taunting between classmates is their expression of friendship.

ZH: 他是个喜欢和别人开玩笑揶揄的人，但并非恶意。
EN: He is someone who likes to joke and taunt others, but not with malicious intent.

ZH: 别人的揶揄只是对自己的一种挑战，我不会被击败。
EN: The mockery of others is just a challenge for myself, I will not be defeated.

ZH: 我被他的揶揄逗得哈哈大笑。
EN: I was amused by his ridicule and burst into laughter.

ZH: 他对我的揶揄是为了引起我的注意。
EN: His taunting towards me was to get my attention.

ZH: 揶揄之间的笑声充满了欢乐和友谊。
EN: The laughter between taunts is filled with joy and friendship.

ZH: 我从不揶揄他人的弱点，我只希望鼓励别人变得更好。
EN: I never mock others' weaknesses, I just want to encourage them to become better.

ZH: 揶揄是人际交往的一种方式，但要用得好才不会伤害到别人。
EN: Taunting is a way of interpersonal communication, but it should be used properly so as not to hurt others.

ZH: 她的揶揄让他感到受伤，不再对她抱有好感。
EN: Her mockery hurt him and he no longer had any good feelings towards her.

ZH: 揶揄也是表达爱意的一种方式，但需要适度。
EN: Taunting can also be a way of expressing affection, but it needs to be moderate.

ZH: 我的朋友总是喜欢取笑我，揶揄是我们之间的默契。
EN: My friends always like to tease me, and taunting is the understanding between us.

ZH: 不要过分地揶揄别人的缺点，每个人都有自己的优点和努力。
EN: Don't taunt others' shortcomings excessively, everyone has their own strengths and efforts.
