ZH: 我决定把这个项目搁置一段时间。
EN: I have decided to put this project on hold for a while.

ZH: 由于资金问题，公司不得不搁置新产品的研发。
EN: Due to financial issues, the company had to put the development of new products on hold.

ZH: 我们必须搁置这个决定，直到获得更多的信息。
EN: We need to shelve this decision until we have more information.

ZH: 老板突然搁置了这个计划，让我们感到很困惑。
EN: The boss suddenly shelved this plan, leaving us feeling confused.

ZH: 由于时间紧迫，我们不得不搁置这项研究。
EN: Due to time constraints, we had to shelve this research.

ZH: 学校决定把这个课程搁置到下学期进行。
EN: The school decided to put this course on hold until next semester.

ZH: 在紧急情况下，我们必须立即搁置原计划。
EN: In case of emergency, we must put the original plan on hold immediately.

ZH: 这个问题太复杂了，我们需要搁置讨论一段时间。
EN: This issue is too complicated, we need to shelve the discussion for a while.

ZH: 他告诉我把这份合同搁置到他回来之前。
EN: He told me to put this contract on hold until he comes back.

ZH: 她搁置了她的职业生涯，全心照顾病重的母亲。
EN: She put her career on hold and devoted herself to taking care of her critically ill mother.

ZH: 他搁置了自己的梦想，为了供养家人而去做一份不喜欢的工作。
EN: He set aside his dreams and took on a job he didn't like in order to support his family.

ZH: 我们暂时搁置这个计划，以便能够给予更多的关注和重视。
EN: We temporarily shelved this plan in order to give it more attention and consideration.

ZH: 她建议将旅行计划搁置到下个月。
EN: She suggested putting the travel plans on hold until next month.

ZH: 不确定的局势迫使政府将一些重要项目搁置下来。
EN: The uncertain situation forced the government to shelve some important projects.

ZH: 学校决定搁置这个活动，直到有更好的安排。
EN: The school decided to put this activity on hold until there is a better arrangement.

ZH: 老板要求我们把这个任务搁置到有更多资源的时候再进行。
EN: The boss asked us to shelve this task until we have more resources.

ZH: 这个计划需要重新考虑，所以我们决定先搁置它。
EN: This plan needs to be reconsidered, so we decided to shelve it for now.

ZH: 昨天的会议上，我们把这个议题搁置了，以便能够更好地了解情况。
EN: In yesterday's meeting, we shelved this agenda item in order to have a better understanding.

ZH: 我们需要更多的时间来研究市场，所以决定先搁置产品发布。
EN: We need more time to study the market, so we decided to shelve the product launch for now.

ZH: 由于经济不景气，公司被迫搁置了一些招聘计划。
EN: Due to the poor economy, the company was forced to shelve some recruitment plans.
