ZH: 这群人摇旗呐喊，庆祝他们的胜利。
EN: The crowd cheered and waved flags to celebrate their victory.

ZH: 政客们摇旗呐喊，争取选民的支持。
EN: Politicians waved flags and cheered to gain support from voters.

ZH: 每当比赛结束，球迷们总是摇旗呐喊。
EN: Fans always wave flags and cheer when the game ends.

ZH: 运动员们摇旗呐喊，为自己的国家赢得荣耀。
EN: Athletes wave flags and cheer to bring glory to their country.

ZH: 游行队伍摇旗呐喊，呼吁民众关注环保问题。
EN: The parade waved flags and cheered, calling on the public to pay attention to environmental issues.

ZH: 高中生们摇旗呐喊，庆祝校运动会的圆满结束。
EN: High school students waved flags and cheered to celebrate the successful conclusion of the school sports day.

ZH: 参加活动的人们摇旗呐喊，向英雄致敬。
EN: People participating in the event wave flags and cheer to pay tribute to the heroes.

ZH: 贼人们摇旗呐喊，抢劫了银行。
EN: The thieves waved flags and cheered as they robbed the bank.

ZH: 工人们摇旗呐喊，要求提高工资。
EN: Workers wave flags and cheer, demanding a raise in wages.

ZH: 抗议者摇旗呐喊，要求政府改变政策。
EN: Protesters waved flags and cheered, asking the government to change its policies.

ZH: 选举前夕，候选人们摇旗呐喊，争取选民的支持。
EN: Candidates wave flags and cheer to gain support from voters on the eve of the election.

ZH: 在演唱会上，歌迷们摇旗呐喊，为自己喜爱的歌手加油。
EN: Fans wave flags and cheer at the concert to show support for their favorite singer.

ZH: 军队士兵们摇旗呐喊，庆祝胜利战役的胜利。
EN: Soldiers wave flags and cheer to celebrate the victory of a battle.

ZH: 运动会上，每个学校的代表队都会摇旗呐喊，为自己队伍加油助威。
EN: At the sports event, representatives from each school wave flags and cheer to support their teams.

ZH: 在庆祝活动中，市民们摇旗呐喊，庆祝城市的发展。
EN: Citizens wave flags and cheer at the celebration event to celebrate the development of the city.

ZH: 支持者们在街头摇旗呐喊，为自己喜欢的候选人助威。
EN: Supporters wave flags and cheer on the streets to cheer for their favorite candidate.

ZH: 迎接国家领导人的车队经过时，人们摇旗呐喊，表示热烈欢迎。
EN: When the convoy of national leaders passes by, people wave flags and cheer to give a warm welcome.

ZH: 在游行中，人们围观者们摇旗呐喊，表示对社会改革的支持。
EN: People in the parade wave flags and cheer, showing their support for social reform.

ZH: 学生们摇旗呐喊，庆祝学校荣誉的获得。
EN: Students wave flags and cheer to celebrate the school's honor.

ZH: 球迷们摇旗呐喊，为自己喜爱的球队打气。
EN: Fans wave flags and cheer to cheer for their favorite team.
