ZH: 在拥挤的地铁站里，我们擦肩而过。
EN: We brushed past each other in the crowded subway station.

ZH: 他们曾经是好朋友，但现在却只是擦肩而过。
EN: They used to be good friends, but now they just pass each other by.

ZH: 在这座繁忙的城市里，人们经常擦肩而过而不自知。
EN: In this bustling city, people often brush past each other without even realizing it.

ZH: 我们在街上擦肩而过，但没有打招呼。
EN: We brushed past each other on the street without saying hello.

ZH: 昨天我在超市里看到了一个老朋友，我们几乎擦肩而过。
EN: Yesterday I saw an old friend in the supermarket, we almost brushed past each other.

ZH: 昨晚我们在酒吧擦肩而过，但没有交谈。
EN: We brushed past each other at the bar last night, but didn't talk.

ZH: 在漆黑的夜晚，我们在街上擦肩而过。
EN: In the dark night, we brushed past each other on the street.

ZH: 许多人都在手机上看着屏幕，导致擦肩而过的时候都没有注意到对方。
EN: Many people are looking at their screens on their phones, causing them to not notice each other when they brush past.

ZH: 在拥挤的会议室里，我们几乎擦肩而过。
EN: We almost brushed past each other in the crowded meeting room.

ZH: 即使在人群中，我还是能够认出你，因为我们擦肩而过。
EN: Even in the crowd, I can still recognize you because we brushed past each other.

ZH: 在飞机上，我和我的同事擦肩而过，但并没有交谈。
EN: My colleague and I brushed past each other on the plane, but didn't talk.

ZH: 我们在公园里擦肩而过，他看起来很匆忙。
EN: We brushed past each other in the park, he looked very rushed.

ZH: 那天我们在书店里擦肩而过，我差点撞上他。
EN: We brushed past each other in the bookstore that day, I almost bumped into him.

ZH: 昨天我们在餐厅里擦肩而过，但是他没有看到我。
EN: Yesterday, we brushed past each other in the restaurant, but he didn't see me.

ZH: 我们在火车站里擦肩而过，我的心情顿时变得很复杂。
EN: We brushed past each other at the train station, and my mood suddenly became complicated.

ZH: 尽管我们擦肩而过，但我还是能感受到他的存在。
EN: Even though we brushed past each other, I could still feel his presence.

ZH: 在漫长的人行道上，我们擦肩而过，仿佛时间停止了。
EN: We brushed past each other on the long sidewalk, as if time had stopped.

ZH: 我们擦肩而过时，他忽然转身看向我。
EN: When we brushed past each other, he suddenly turned to look at me.

ZH: 那天我在超市里擦肩而过一个陌生人，他的目光很深邃。
EN: That day, I brushed past a stranger in the supermarket, his gaze was deep.

ZH: 就在我要离开时，我们擦肩而过，我告别了他。
EN: Just as I was about to leave, we brushed past each other, and I said goodbye to him.
