ZH: 这个学期的考试很难，老师把要求收紧了。
EN: This semester's exams are difficult. The teacher has tightened the requirements.

ZH: 政府决定收紧对外国人的工作签证申请。
EN: The government has decided to tighten the work visa application for foreigners.

ZH: 这家公司正面临着资金短缺的问题，他们必须收紧开支。
EN: This company is facing a shortage of funds, they have to tighten their expenses.

ZH: 我的裤子松松垮垮的，我得把腰带收紧一点。
EN: My pants are loose, I need to tighten my belt a bit.

ZH: 警方正在收紧对该地区的安全措施。
EN: The police are tightening security measures in that area.

ZH: 这家银行决定收紧对个人贷款的审批标准。
EN: This bank has decided to tighten the approval criteria for personal loans.

ZH: 父母对孩子的行为作出了规定，收紧了家里的管理。
EN: The parents made rules for the child's behavior, tightening the household management.

ZH: 这个国家正在收紧对恐怖分子的打击力度。
EN: This country is tightening its crackdown on terrorists.

ZH: 老板因为利润下滑而收紧了公司的预算。
EN: The boss tightened the company's budget due to declining profits.

ZH: 学校为了提高纪律要求，决定收紧校规。
EN: In order to improve discipline, the school decided to tighten its rules.

ZH: 政府决定收紧外汇管制，以维护国家经济稳定。
EN: The government decided to tighten foreign exchange control to maintain national economic stability.

ZH: 这个国家正在收紧对犯罪的打击力度。
EN: This country is tightening its fight against crime.

ZH: 我的鞋子鞋带太松了，我得把它收紧一下。
EN: The laces of my shoes are too loose, I need to tighten them.

ZH: 这个党派要求收紧对选民的资格审核。
EN: This political party demands tightening the qualification review of voters.

ZH: 酒店为了提高服务水平，决定收紧员工的培训要求。
EN: In order to improve the service level, the hotel decided to tighten the training requirements for employees.

ZH: 这个工厂为了提高效益，收紧了原材料的使用标准。
EN: In order to improve efficiency, the factory tightened the standards for the use of raw materials.

ZH: 医院决定收紧患者住院时的陪护人员数量。
EN: The hospital decided to tighten the number of caregivers allowed for patients.

ZH: 政府计划收紧对汽车尾气排放的管理。
EN: The government plans to tighten the management of automobile exhaust emissions.

ZH: 这个城市的交通规则在最近被收紧了。
EN: The traffic rules of this city have been tightened recently.

ZH: 出于安全原因，学校决定收紧校园的出入口管理。
EN: For safety reasons, the school decided to tighten the access management of the campus.
