ZH: 改革开放是中国引领新时代的重要举措。
EN: Reform and opening up is an important initiative for China to lead in the new era.

ZH: 改革开放为中国经济的快速发展奠定了基础。
EN: Reform and opening up laid the foundation for the rapid development of the Chinese economy.

ZH: 改革开放使得中国与世界各国更加紧密地联系在一起。
EN: Reform and opening up has brought China closer to countries around the world.

ZH: 改革开放让中国人民享受了更广阔的发展空间。
EN: Reform and opening up has provided the Chinese people with greater opportunities for development.

ZH: 改革开放促进了中国社会的进步和发展。
EN: Reform and opening up has promoted progress and development in Chinese society.

ZH: 改革开放给中国带来了持续的经济增长。
EN: Reform and opening up has brought about sustained economic growth in China.

ZH: 改革开放拓展了中国的市场，吸引了更多外国投资。
EN: Reform and opening up has expanded China's market and attracted more foreign investment.

ZH: 改革开放推动了中国的科技创新和人才培养。
EN: Reform and opening up has driven technological innovation and talent development in China.

ZH: 改革开放为中国农村经济的发展提供了新动力。
EN: Reform and opening up has provided new momentum for the development of the rural economy in China.

ZH: 改革开放加速了中国的城市化进程。
EN: Reform and opening up has accelerated the process of urbanization in China.

ZH: 改革开放不断推动中国政府的效率和治理能力提升。
EN: Reform and opening up has continuously promoted the efficiency and governance capacity of the Chinese government.

ZH: 改革开放吸引了大量外国游客来到中国旅游。
EN: Reform and opening up has attracted a large number of foreign tourists to travel to China.

ZH: 改革开放为中国推动生态文明建设提供了新路径。
EN: Reform and opening up has provided a new path for China to promote ecological civilization construction.

ZH: 改革开放带动了中国教育和文化事业的发展。
EN: Reform and opening up has driven the development of education and cultural undertakings in China.

ZH: 改革开放助力了中国工业和生产力的提升。
EN: Reform and opening up has helped to enhance China's industrial and productive capabilities.

ZH: 改革开放促进了中国城乡区域间的平衡发展。
EN: Reform and opening up has promoted balanced development between urban and rural areas in China.

ZH: 改革开放为中国树立了开放包容的国际形象。
EN: Reform and opening up has shaped China's open and inclusive international image.

ZH: 改革开放引领了中国走向社会主义市场经济。
EN: Reform and opening up has led China towards a socialist market economy.

ZH: 改革开放推动了中国企业走向国际市场。
EN: Reform and opening up has propelled Chinese enterprises towards the international market.

ZH: 改革开放为中国打开了发展的大门。
EN: Reform and opening up has opened the door for development in China.
