ZH: 他的父母对他的行为放任不管。
EN: His parents indulged his behavior without restraint.

ZH: 这位老师太放任学生了，导致他们不尊重纪律。
EN: The teacher is too permissive with the students, which leads to their lack of discipline.

ZH: 放任孩子过度使用电子设备可能对他们的视力造成伤害。
EN: Allowing children to excessively use electronic devices may harm their eyesight.

ZH: 我们不能放任腐败行为在社会中泛滥。
EN: We cannot let corrupt practices run rampant in society.

ZH: 父母的爱不能简单地等同于放任。
EN: Parental love should not be equated with permissiveness.

ZH: 老板对员工的工作态度放任不管，导致整个团队效率低下。
EN: The boss's lack of supervision over the employees' work attitude results in low efficiency of the entire team.

ZH: 放任着别人受到欺凌是不对的。
EN: It is wrong to allow others to be bullied.

ZH: 婚姻中不应该单方面放任对方，而是要相互尊重。
EN: In a marriage, one should not unilaterally indulge the other but rather respect each other.

ZH: 他不得不放任儿子自己选择未来的道路。
EN: He had to let his son choose his own path in life.

ZH: 放任贪婪蔓延只会导致更多的不公平。
EN: Allowing greed to spread unchecked will only lead to more unfairness.

ZH: 这个国家的政府不能再继续对环境问题放任不管。
EN: The government of this country cannot continue to neglect environmental issues.

ZH: 她的放任个性导致她的人际关系破裂。
EN: Her permissive nature resulted in the breakdown of her relationships.

ZH: 为了保护社会的稳定，要适度放任言论自由。
EN: To protect social stability, freedom of speech should be moderately allowed.

ZH: 母亲总是对孩子的错误行为放任不管。
EN: The mother always turns a blind eye to the child's misbehavior.

ZH: 这个组织的管理者不应该放任成员的不专业行为。
EN: The managers of this organization should not tolerate unprofessional behavior from its members.

ZH: 放任贫困地区的教育问题只会加深社会不平等。
EN: Neglecting the education problem in impoverished areas will only deepen social inequality.

ZH: 放任污染继续扩散会对生态系统产生严重影响。
EN: Allowing pollution to continue spreading will have serious implications on the ecosystem.

ZH: 他放任自己过度的消费习惯，最终陷入了负债的境地。
EN: Indulging in excessive spending habits, he eventually ended up in debt.

ZH: 社会不应该放任歧视行为的存在。
EN: Society should not tolerate the existence of discriminatory behavior.

ZH: 政府对于腐败行为不能再放任不管了。
EN: The government cannot allow corruption to go unchecked any longer.
