ZH: 放宽一点，不要太紧张。
EN: Please relax a bit and don't be too nervous.

ZH: 放宽心情，一切都会好起来的。
EN: Relax your mood, everything will be alright.

ZH: 放宽要求，给孩子一些自由发展的空间。
EN: Lower the requirements and give children some room for independent development.

ZH: 老师应该放宽要求，给学生一些创造的空间。
EN: Teachers should lower their expectations and give students some space for creativity.

ZH: 放宽一点时间，我们还有其他事情要做。
EN: Give us a bit more time, we have other things to do.

ZH: 政府决定放宽贷款条件，帮助中小企业发展。
EN: The government has decided to relax the loan requirements to help small and medium-sized enterprises develop.

ZH: 考试规则放宽了，学生可以更自由地表达观点。
EN: The exam rules have been relaxed, and students can express their opinions more freely.

ZH: 放宽生活压力，保持积极的心态。
EN: Ease the pressure of life and maintain a positive mindset.

ZH: 要学会放宽心胸，看待问题会更客观。
EN: Learn to broaden your mind, and you will have a more objective perspective on issues.

ZH: 政府放宽了移民政策，吸引更多外国人来投资。
EN: The government has relaxed the immigration policy to attract more foreigners to invest.

ZH: 他放宽了对自己的要求，渐渐变得更开朗。
EN: He relaxed his demands on himself and gradually became more cheerful.

ZH: 放宽管束，让孩子自由地发挥天性。
EN: Loosen the reins and allow children to freely express their nature.

ZH: 放宽监控，给公民更多的隐私空间。
EN: Relax surveillance and give citizens more privacy space.

ZH: 老板应该放宽工作时间，让员工有更好的工作生活平衡。
EN: The boss should loosen the working hours to allow employees to have a better work-life balance.

ZH: 考试不是唯一的评判标准，应该放宽对学生的要求。
EN: Exams are not the only criteria for evaluation, and requirements for students should be relaxed.

ZH: 放宽目标，让自己有更多的成长空间。
EN: Broaden your goals and give yourself more room for growth.

ZH: 现在职场竞争很激烈，必须放宽对薪资的期望。
EN: The job market is highly competitive now, and expectations for salary must be lowered.

ZH: 放宽一下时间限制，我们还没准备好。
EN: Give us a little more time, we are not ready yet.

ZH: 政府将放宽对外资的投资限制。
EN: The government will relax restrictions on foreign investment.

ZH: 运动不仅可以锻炼身体，还能放宽大脑。
EN: Exercise can not only help to keep fit but also relax the mind.
