ZH: 他决定放手一搏，报名参加国际象棋比赛。
EN: He decided to go for broke and sign up for the international chess tournament.

ZH: 她毅然放手一搏，去追求自己的音乐梦想。
EN: She bravely took a chance and pursued her musical dreams.

ZH: 他在赌局中放手一搏，结果翻了两番的本金。
EN: He took a gamble in the casino and doubled his initial investment.

ZH: 我觉得我们应该放手一搏，去争取这个工作机会。
EN: I think we should go all out and strive for this job opportunity.

ZH: 当生活失去意义时，有时需要放手一搏，寻找新的可能性。
EN: When life feels meaningless, sometimes it's necessary to take a leap of faith and explore new possibilities.

ZH: 哪怕是冒险失败，我也愿意放手一搏。
EN: Even if it means risking failure, I'm willing to take a chance.

ZH: 尽管风险很高，他还是决定放手一搏，去开创自己的公司。
EN: Despite the high risks, he still decided to take a leap of faith and start his own company.

ZH: 我们只有放手一搏，才有可能实现自己的梦想。
EN: We can only achieve our dreams if we take a risk and go all in.

ZH: 他不愿意安于现状，所以决定放手一搏，寻找更好的机会。
EN: He didn't want to settle for the status quo, so he decided to take a chance and search for better opportunities.

ZH: 她心怀希望，放手一搏，去争取一份更满意的工作。
EN: With hope in her heart, she took a leap of faith and went after a more satisfying job.

ZH: 我们一直在等待机会，但有时候我们需要主动放手一搏。
EN: We've been waiting for opportunities, but sometimes we need to proactively take a risk.

ZH: 他劝我不要轻易放弃，要放手一搏，才有可能获得成功。
EN: He advised me not to give up easily and to take a chance in order to have a chance at success.

ZH: 你应该对自己有信心，放手一搏，去争取你想要的东西。
EN: You should have confidence in yourself and take a gamble to pursue what you want.

ZH: 我们都感到绝望，但我们必须放手一搏，寻找生活的希望。
EN: We all feel hopeless, but we must take a leap of faith and search for hope in life.

ZH: 她被告知机会只会出现一次，所以她决定放手一搏。
EN: She was told that opportunities only come once, so she decided to go all out.

ZH: 只有放手一搏，我们才有可能取得突破性的成功。
EN: Only by taking a risk can we have a chance at a breakthrough success.

ZH: 虽然前途未卜，他还是选择放手一搏，去追求自己的梦想。
EN: Despite the uncertain future, he still chose to take a chance and pursue his dreams.

ZH: 有时候，只有放手一搏，我们才能发现自己的潜力。
EN: Sometimes, only by taking a risk can we discover our potential.

ZH: 考试前夕，她决定放手一搏，好好复习一番。
EN: On the eve of the exam, she decided to go all out and review thoroughly.

ZH: 他在投资市场中放手一搏，终于赚得了一笔可观的钱财。
EN: He took a gamble in the investment market and finally earned a considerable amount of money.
