ZH: 我的政敌试图破坏我的政治计划。
EN: My political opponent is trying to undermine my political agenda.

ZH: 他一直与他的政敌斗争，争取改变国家的方向。
EN: He has been fighting against his political adversaries to bring about change in the country.

ZH: 我们需要团结起来，以击败我们的政敌。
EN: We need to unite in order to defeat our political foes.

ZH: 各个政党之间经常会有不同的政敌。
EN: Different political parties often have different adversaries.

ZH: 政治斗争中，政敌之间常常会出现激烈的言辞。
EN: In political battles, there is often heated rhetoric between political adversaries.

ZH: 我的政敌试图通过诽谤我来破坏我的声誉。
EN: My political opponent is trying to tarnish my reputation through slander.

ZH: 他的政敌一直在公开批评他的施政政策。
EN: His political adversaries have been publicly criticizing his policies.

ZH: 那个政治家与他的政敌展开了激烈的辩论。
EN: That politician engaged in a fierce debate with his political rivals.

ZH: 政敌之间的竞争常常是残酷的。
EN: The competition between political adversaries is often fierce.

ZH: 政敌之间的争斗并不总是以和平解决。
EN: The conflicts between political adversaries do not always end peacefully.

ZH: 这场选举是我与我的主要政敌之间的较量。
EN: This election is a contest between me and my main political adversary.

ZH: 我们必须找到一种方式，以和平的方式与我们的政敌进行对话。
EN: We must find a way to engage in peaceful dialogue with our political opponents.

ZH: 我的政敌一直试图破坏我的政党。
EN: My political adversaries have been trying to undermine my political party.

ZH: 这个组织是为了抵抗我们的政敌而成立的。
EN: This organization was established to resist our political foes.

ZH: 他的演讲引起了他的政敌的强烈反对。
EN: His speech provoked strong opposition from his political adversaries.

ZH: 政敌之间的仇恨已经存在很久了。
EN: The animosity between political adversaries has been long-standing.

ZH: 这场辩论是我与我的政敌之间的一次交锋。
EN: This debate is a showdown between me and my political adversary.

ZH: 这本书揭示了政治斗争中政敌之间的种种策略。
EN: This book reveals various strategies among political adversaries in the realm of political battles.

ZH: 我不会让我的政敌击败我，我会坚持到底。
EN: I won't let my political adversaries defeat me; I will persevere.

ZH: 我们必须找到一种方式来和平地与我们的政敌合作。
EN: We must find a way to peacefully collaborate with our political adversaries.
