ZH: 昨天下雨了，我没有带伞，所以被淋湿了，完全没有料到。
EN: It rained yesterday and I didn't bring an umbrella, so I got completely soaked, I didn't expect that at all.

ZH: 我问过她，她说对夜宵感兴趣，但我没想到她会带我去吃那里。
EN: I asked her and she said she's interested in late-night snacks, but I didn't expect her to take me there.

ZH: 昨天老板突然提出加班，大家都很生气，老板自己估计也没料到会这样。
EN: The boss suddenly asked us to work overtime yesterday, everyone was upset, I don't think the boss expected it to be like this either.

ZH: 我想很多人都没有料到会有这样的结果。
EN: I don't think many people expected this kind of result.

ZH: 我觉得他没有料到我们会支持他的决定。
EN: I don't think he anticipated that we would support his decision.

ZH: 那场音乐会的演出很失望，我可没料到会这么差。
EN: The performance at the concert was disappointing; I really didn't expect it to be so bad.

ZH: 她不敢相信，竟然有人会对她做出那样的事，她完全没有料到。
EN: She couldn't believe that someone would do such a thing to her; she never expected it.

ZH: 我完全没有料到他会那么容易放弃。
EN: I never expected him to give up so easily.

ZH: 雪下得这么大，我料到明天上班可能会很困难。
EN: It's snowing so heavily; I anticipate that it might be difficult to go to work tomorrow.

ZH: 这次旅行的费用比预计的要高，我没有料到会花这么多钱。
EN: The expenses for this trip are higher than expected; I didn't anticipate spending so much money.

ZH: 我没料到这个包装的盒子里只有一片饼干。
EN: I didn't expect there to be only one cookie in this box with such packaging.

ZH: 我花了两个小时才找到停车位，完全没有料到会这么难。
EN: It took me two hours to find a parking space; I didn't expect it to be so difficult.

ZH: 这种关系的发展我早有料到。
EN: I anticipated the development of this relationship long ago.

ZH: 到了晚上，天气突然变冷，让人完全料不到。
EN: In the evening, the weather suddenly turned cold, which caught us completely off guard.

ZH: 我们办公室突然停电了，完全料不到会发生这种情况。
EN: The power in our office suddenly went out, we never expected this would happen.

ZH: 这个游乐园的排队人数这么多，我一点都没料到，好失望。
EN: There are so many people in line at this amusement park; I didn't expect it at all, so disappointing.

ZH: 上个星期我因为感冒没上班，没料到这么重。
EN: I didn't go to work last week because of a cold; I didn't expect it to be so severe.

ZH: 班主任突然要求我们交论文，我完全没有料到会有这样的任务。
EN: The class teacher suddenly asked us to submit a paper; I never expected such a task.

ZH: 我以为他会对这份工作很感兴趣，没料到他完全不合适。
EN: I thought he would be interested in this job, but I didn't expect him to be completely unsuitable.

ZH: 我们出发之前已经查了天气状况，但没料到会下那么大的雪。
EN: We checked the weather conditions before we set off, but we didn't expect it to snow so heavily.

ZH: 好像一切都在计划之中，没有什么是料不到的。
EN: It seems like everything is going according to plan, there's nothing unexpected.
