ZH: 他斜睨了我一眼，然后转身离开了。
EN: He glanced at me contemptuously and then walked away.

ZH: 她斜睨着那个男人，好像对他有些不屑。
EN: She cast a sidelong glance at the man, as if she found him unworthy.

ZH: 他斜睨着我说：“你以为我会相信你的谎言吗？”
EN: He sneered at me and said, "Do you think I would believe your lies?"

ZH: 她忍不住斜睨了一下那位自以为是的老板。
EN: She couldn't help but give a derisive side-eye towards the self-important boss.

ZH: 那个男人斜睨着她，似乎对她的衣着有些不满。
EN: The man gave her a disdainful look, seemingly dissatisfied with her attire.

ZH: 这个孩子斜睨了一下他妹妹，嘲笑了她的笨拙。
EN: The child sneaked a glance at his sister and mocked her clumsiness.

ZH: 她斜睨一眼，不屑地说：“你能做好这件事吗？”
EN: She sidewise glanced at him and said disdainfully, "Can you handle this?"

ZH: 他斜睨着那个家伙，好像他是个可笑的傻瓜。
EN: He gave a sidelong glance at the guy, as if he was a laughable fool.

ZH: 她看着他身上的衣着斜睨了一会儿，然后沉默不语。
EN: She looked him up and down with a sideway glance, then remained silent.

ZH: 我可以感觉到他斜睨着我，似乎对我的能力存在怀疑。
EN: I could sense him giving me a sidelong glance, seemingly doubting my abilities.

ZH: 她斜睨过我一眼，好像很讨厌我。
EN: She cast a sideward glance at me, as if she disliked me.

ZH: 我斜睨着他，好像在考虑他是否可信。
EN: I glanced at him sideways, pondering if he was trustworthy.

ZH: 我明显感到他在斜睨我的手机，好奇地想知道我在做什么。
EN: I could clearly feel him sidewise glancing at my phone, curiously wondering what I was doing.

ZH: 她斜睨了一眼周围人的表情，想知道他们是否相信她。
EN: She gave a sidelong glance at the facial expressions of the people around, wanting to know if they believed her.

ZH: 我斜睨了一下他面前的文件，想看看他在做什么。
EN: I cast a sideway glance at the documents in front of him, trying to see what he was up to.

ZH: 她躲在角落里，斜睨着房间里的每一个人。
EN: She hid in the corner, giving a sidewise glance at everyone in the room.

ZH: 我没有说话，只是轻轻地斜睨了一眼他，示意他安静。
EN: I didn't say a word, just gave him a slight sidelong glance, signaling him to be quiet.

ZH: 当我提出问题时，他斜睨了我一眼，好像嘲笑我。
EN: When I asked a question, he gave me a sidelong glance, as if mocking me.

ZH: 她斜睨了一下自己的形象，犹豫了一会儿。
EN: She sidewise glanced at her reflection, hesitating for a moment.

ZH: 我可以感觉到她在斜睨我，并寻找着我的弱点。
EN: I could feel her sidewise glancing at me, searching for my weaknesses.
