ZH: 我们正在参观方圆十公里范围内的名胜古迹。
EN: We are visiting famous historical sites within a ten-kilometer radius.
ZH: 他们在方圆五百米内找寻失踪的孩子。
EN: They are searching for the missing child within a five-hundred-meter radius.
ZH: 方圆周围的建筑都被摧毁了。
EN: The buildings around within the radius were all destroyed.
ZH: 这座城市方圆五十公里都是危险地带。
EN: The city is a dangerous area within a fifty-kilometer radius.
ZH: 方圆几里的人都在为你祈祷。
EN: People within a few miles are all praying for you.
ZH: 城市方圆一百公里内的天气都很炎热。
EN: The weather within a hundred kilometers of the city is all hot.
ZH: 方圆五十米内的地方没有任何人。
EN: There is no one within a fifty-meter radius.
ZH: 这家商场方圆一千米都没有竞争对手。
EN: This shopping mall has no competitors within a one-thousand-meter radius.
ZH: 方圆三百米的范围内有两家医院。
EN: There are two hospitals within a three-hundred-meter radius.
ZH: 那个地区方圆一千公里内的动物种类非常丰富。
EN: The animal species within a one-thousand-kilometer radius of that area are very diverse.
ZH: 方圆两百米内有几家很受欢迎的餐馆。
EN: There are several popular restaurants within a two-hundred-meter radius.
ZH: 我们正在考虑在方圆五百公里内举办一个音乐节。
EN: We are considering organizing a music festival within a five-hundred-kilometer radius.
ZH: 方圆四十公里的土地已经被大雪覆盖。
EN: The land within a forty-kilometer radius has been covered by heavy snow.
ZH: 这家公司的市场覆盖范围已经扩大到方圆一千公里了。
EN: The market coverage of this company has expanded to a one-thousand-kilometer radius.
ZH: 方圆十里内有一片非常美丽的花海。
EN: There is a beautiful flower field within a ten-li radius.
ZH: 这片湖泊方圆五公里，是一个非常独特的自然景观。
EN: This lake is a very unique natural landscape within a five-kilometer radius.
ZH: 我们正在研究如何在方圆十公里内提供温室气体减排方案。
EN: We are studying how to provide greenhouse gas emission reduction solutions within a ten-kilometer radius.
ZH: 方圆三十公里内的居民都被紧急撤离了。
EN: Residents within a thirty-kilometer radius have been evacuated urgently.
ZH: 这个国家方圆一百公里内的资源非常丰富。
EN: The resources within a one-hundred-kilometer radius of this country are very abundant.
ZH: 我们正在展开方圆五百米内的搜救行动。
EN: We are launching a search and rescue operation within a five-hundred-meter radius.
