ZH: 这个学生太无能了，老师都没办法教他了。
EN: This student is so incompetent that even the teacher can't help him anymore.

ZH: 这个司机开车太无能了，让我们都感到很害怕。
EN: The driver is so incompetent at driving that he makes us all feel very scared.

ZH: 她是一个无能的经理，公司的业绩一直在下降。
EN: She is an incompetent manager, the company's performance has been declining.

ZH: 这台电脑的维修师傅无能之极，修了三次都没有解决问题。
EN: The repairman for this computer is extremely incompetent, he hasn't been able to fix the problem after three tries.

ZH: 他的无能导致公司的整个项目都失败了。
EN: His incompetence led to the failure of the entire project at the company.

ZH: 这个员工无能到连基本的工作都做不好。
EN: This employee is so incompetent that he can't even do the basic tasks properly.

ZH: 如果我们继续雇佣这位无能的律师，可能会输掉官司。
EN: If we continue to hire this incompetent lawyer, we might lose the lawsuit.

ZH: 她的无能让公司遭受了很大的损失。
EN: Her incompetence caused great losses to the company.

ZH: 他们十分无能，连最简单的任务都无法完成。
EN: They are so incompetent that they can't even complete the simplest tasks.

ZH: 这个团队的管理层无能，导致了项目的失败。
EN: The management of this team is incompetent, leading to the failure of the project.

ZH: 她因为无能而被公司解雇了。
EN: She was fired from the company because of her incompetence.

ZH: 那个工程师太无能了，整个建筑计划都出了问题。
EN: That engineer is too incompetent, the entire construction plan has gone awry.

ZH: 这家公司已经连续两年亏损了，主要是因为领导层的无能。
EN: This company has been losing money for two consecutive years, mainly due to the incompetence of the leadership.

ZH: 他的无能表现让老板失望，决定不再提拔他。
EN: His incompetent performance disappointed the boss, who decided not to promote him anymore.

ZH: 这部电影的导演很无能，影片质量被批评得很严重。
EN: The director of this movie is very incompetent, the quality of the film has been heavily criticized.

ZH: 这个医生实在是太无能了，患者们都不敢再去看他。
EN: This doctor is just too incompetent, patients are afraid to see him again.

ZH: 他的无能让他失去了工作机会。
EN: His incompetence caused him to lose job opportunities.

ZH: 这个销售部门的经理无能，销售额一直没有提升。
EN: The manager of the sales department is incompetent, the sales have not been increasing.

ZH: 那个老板太无能了，让公司的发展一直停滞不前。
EN: That boss is too incompetent, causing the company's development to stagnate.

ZH: 这个项目经理无能，整个团队都在为他的错误付出代价。
EN: The project manager is incompetent, the entire team is paying the price for his mistakes.
