ZH: 无非是因为天气不好，他才选择待在家里。
EN: He stayed at home, nothing else but because of the bad weather.

ZH: 她穿了一套名牌，无非是想要展示她的财富。
EN: She wore a designer outfit, nothing else but to show off her wealth.

ZH: 无非是为了让自己显得更聪明，他经常炫耀自己的知识。
EN: He often flaunts his knowledge, nothing else but to appear smarter.

ZH: 无非是因为为难，才会选择逃避困境。
EN: Escaping difficulties is nothing else but a way to avoid troubles.

ZH: 这个决定无非是为了更好地保护环境。
EN: This decision is nothing else but to better protect the environment.

ZH: 无非是因为失败，他才会变得如此消沉。
EN: He became so depressed, nothing else but because of his failure.

ZH: 无非是因为对这个问题不感兴趣，他不肯发表意见。
EN: He refused to comment, nothing else but because he was not interested in the issue.

ZH: 这个计划失败了，无非是因为缺乏团队合作。
EN: This plan failed, nothing else but because of a lack of teamwork.

ZH: 无非是为了避免冲突，他选择了保持沉默。
EN: He chose to remain silent, nothing else but to avoid conflicts.

ZH: 她做出这个决定，无非是出于对家人的关心。
EN: She made this decision, nothing else but out of concern for her family.

ZH: 无非是为了挽救面子，他才会那样大声说话。
EN: He spoke loudly, nothing else but to save face.

ZH: 这个论点无非是为了证明他的观点是正确的。
EN: This argument is nothing else but to prove that his point of view is correct.

ZH: 无非是为了保护自己，她才会采取这样的行动。
EN: She took such actions, nothing else but to protect herself.

ZH: 这些变动无非是为了提高工作效率。
EN: These changes are nothing else but to improve work efficiency.

ZH: 无非是为了迎合观众口味，这部电影改编了原著小说的结局。
EN: The ending of the novel was changed in the film adaptation, nothing else but to cater to the audience's taste.

ZH: 这样做无非是为了引起注意，他一直想要大家注意到他的存在。
EN: He always wanted to be noticed, nothing else but to draw attention to himself.

ZH: 无非是为了获得更多利润，这家公司经常削减员工福利。
EN: The company often cuts employee benefits, nothing else but to gain more profit.

ZH: 她这么做无非是为了让别人觉得她很有钱。
EN: She does this, nothing else but to make others think she has a lot of money.

ZH: 无非是因为没有其他选择，他才接受了这个工作机会。
EN: He accepted this job opportunity, nothing else but because he had no other choice.

ZH: 无非是因为没有时间准备，他才临时改变了计划。
EN: He changed the plan last minute, nothing else but because he didn't have time to prepare.
