ZH: 最近发生了严重的旱灾。
EN: A severe drought has recently occurred.

ZH: 旱灾导致农作物歉收。
EN: The drought resulted in poor crop yields.

ZH: 政府正在采取措施帮助受旱灾影响的农民。
EN: The government is taking measures to help farmers affected by the drought.

ZH: 多年的旱灾使得这个地区已经面临水资源枯竭的危险。
EN: Years of drought have put this region at risk of water depletion.

ZH: 饮用水短缺是旱灾造成的主要问题之一。
EN: Water shortage for drinking is one of the main issues caused by the drought.

ZH: 为了应对旱灾，政府向受灾地区提供了紧急援助。
EN: In response to the drought, the government has provided emergency assistance to the affected areas.

ZH: 农田干旱严重，预计将有大批农民失业。
EN: The farmland is severely dry, and it is expected that a large number of farmers will become unemployed.

ZH: 旱灾已经影响了当地的生态环境。
EN: The drought has already affected the local ecological environment.

ZH: 居民们为了生存开始采取节约用水的措施。
EN: Residents have begun to take water-saving measures for survival.

ZH: 河流干涸，成千上万的鱼类死亡。
EN: The rivers have dried up, causing the death of thousands of fish.

ZH: 饮用水短缺已经导致城市居民生活受到严重影响。
EN: Water shortage for drinking has already severely affected urban residents' lives.

ZH: 我们需要采取行动来减轻旱灾的影响。
EN: We need to take action to alleviate the impact of the drought.

ZH: 干旱地区的居民需要紧急救援物资。
EN: Residents in drought-affected areas are in urgent need of relief supplies.

ZH: 森林火灾与旱灾同时爆发，使得灾害加剧。
EN: Forest fires breaking out simultaneously with the drought have intensified the disaster.

ZH: 旱灾已经影响了当地的经济发展。
EN: The drought has already affected the local economic development.

ZH: 由于旱灾，水资源管理成为了当地政府的重要议题。
EN: Due to the drought, water resource management has become an important issue for the local government.

ZH: 连续几个月的旱灾使得草原已经呈现焦枯状态。
EN: Months of continuous drought have caused the grasslands to become dry and withered.

ZH: 居民们在旱灾面前倍感无助。
EN: Residents feel helpless in the face of the drought.

ZH: 土地干旱已经严重威胁着当地农业生产。
EN: Land drought has seriously threatened local agricultural production.

ZH: 旱灾已经造成了大量人员和物资损失。
EN: The drought has resulted in significant loss of personnel and resources.
