ZH: 昔日的儿童节我会去公园玩耍。
EN: In the past, I used to go to the park to play on Children's Day.

ZH: 昔日我们家附近有一家很有名的饭馆。
EN: In the past, there used to be a famous restaurant near our house.

ZH: 昔日的我很喜欢读漫画，现在已经不太有时间了。
EN: In the past, I used to love reading comics, but now I don't have much time for it.

ZH: 昔日的他是个聪明而有决心的学生。
EN: In the past, he was a smart and determined student.

ZH: 昔日他是个不愿意面对现实的人，但现在变了很多。
EN: In the past, he used to be someone who didn't like to face reality, but now he has changed a lot.

ZH: 昔日的这座城市与现在相比已经发生了很大的变化。
EN: This city has undergone significant changes compared to what it used to be in the past.

ZH: 昔日我们家门前的小河旁边有一片美丽的花园。
EN: There used to be a beautiful garden next to the small river in front of our house in the past.

ZH: 昔日的他是我的最好的朋友，可现在我们几乎不联系了。
EN: He used to be my best friend in the past, but now we hardly keep in touch.

ZH: 昔日的音乐会吸引了成千上万的观众。
EN: The concert in the past attracted thousands of spectators.

ZH: 昔日的他非常瘦弱，但经过锻炼现在变得强壮了。
EN: He used to be very weak in the past, but after exercising, he has become strong.

ZH: 昔日的她很害羞，现在已经变得开朗了许多。
EN: She used to be very shy in the past, but now she has become much more outgoing.

ZH: 昔日的技术已经过时，我们现在使用更先进的设备。
EN: The technology of the past has become outdated, and now we use more advanced equipment.

ZH: 昔日的那个地方已经发展成了一个繁华的商业中心。
EN: The place that used to be there has developed into a bustling commercial center.

ZH: 昔日他是一个成功的商人，但现在已经过气了。
EN: He used to be a successful businessman, but now he is no longer popular.

ZH: 昔日我们一起经历的故事成为了我们珍贵的回忆。
EN: The stories we experienced together in the past have become precious memories for us.

ZH: 昔日的他是个耿直而坚强的人，现在却变得软弱无力。
EN: He used to be an honest and strong person in the past, but now he has become weak and powerless.

ZH: 昔日的国家边境问题已经得到了解决。
EN: The border issues of the country in the past have been resolved.

ZH: 昔日的教育制度与现在相比已经发生了很大的改变。
EN: The education system in the past has undergone significant changes compared to now.

ZH: 昔日的风景如画，现在已经变得拥挤不堪。
EN: The scenery that used to be picturesque in the past has now become overcrowded.

ZH: 昔日是个平静的村庄，如今已经发展成了一个繁忙的城市。
EN: The village that used to be calm in the past has now developed into a bustling city.

ZH: 昔日的他从不挑食，但现在变得非常挑剔了。
EN: He never used to be picky about food in the past, but now he has become very selective.
