ZH: 他在公司中表现出色，获得了晋升。
EN: He performed well in the company and was promoted.

ZH: 这个员工有着出色的工作能力，值得晋升。
EN: This employee has excellent work abilities and deserves a promotion.

ZH: 她被晋升为部门经理，负责所有事务。
EN: She was promoted to department manager and is in charge of all affairs.

ZH: 通过不断努力，他最终成功地实现了晋升。
EN: Through continuous efforts, he eventually achieved a promotion.

ZH: 他积极参与团队合作，为自己争取了晋升的机会。
EN: He actively participates in team cooperation and has gained opportunities for promotion.

ZH: 这家公司非常看重员工的潜力，以便给予他们晋升的机会。
EN: This company values the potential of its employees in order to give them opportunities for promotion.

ZH: 在过去的几年里，他一直在追求晋升。
EN: He has been pursuing a promotion for the past few years.

ZH: 这个职位对他来说是一次很好的晋升机会。
EN: This position is a good opportunity for his promotion.

ZH: 他通过出色的工作表现，成功地晋升为高级工程师。
EN: Through outstanding performance, he successfully promoted to senior engineer.

ZH: 只有在这个岗位上表现优秀，才能有希望获得晋升。
EN: Only by performing well in this position can you have hope for promotion.

ZH: 我希望能在今年结束前获得晋升。
EN: I hope to get a promotion before the end of this year.

ZH: 这是他多年努力的结果，他因此得到了晋升。
EN: This is the result of his years of hard work, and he has received a promotion as a result.

ZH: 那个员工总是在比别人更早到公司，这使得他获得了晋升的机会。
EN: That employee always arrives at the company earlier than others, which has given him the opportunity for promotion.

ZH: 他的工作能力以及对公司的忠诚度使得他在一年内获得了晋升。
EN: His work abilities and loyalty to the company have earned him a promotion within a year.

ZH: 这个职位的晋升需要通过一系列的考核。
EN: Promotion for this position requires a series of assessments.

ZH: 他的晋升对于他的同事们来说是一个鼓舞。
EN: His promotion is an inspiration for his colleagues.

ZH: 他的晋升标志着他在工作中的一大突破。
EN: His promotion marks a significant breakthrough in his work.

ZH: 这个职位的晋升要求具备更高的管理能力。
EN: Promotion for this position requires higher management abilities.

ZH: 不断学习与提升才能有机会获得晋升。
EN: Continuous learning and improvement are necessary to have the opportunity for promotion.

ZH: 她的晋升代表着她过去几年的努力得到了认可。
EN: Her promotion represents recognition for her efforts in the past few years.
