ZH: 我经常暗想自己是一位著名的演员。
EN: I often fantasize about being a famous actor.

ZH: 他骑自行车的时候暗想着自己在车上飞奔。
EN: While riding his bike, he fantasizes about zooming through the air.

ZH: 小明在课堂上暗想着下课后能去玩滑板。
EN: Xiaoming daydreams about going skateboarding after class.

ZH: 她经常暗想自己是一位胜任的CEO。
EN: She often fantasizes about being a competent CEO.

ZH: 爸爸工作的时候暗想着未来能与家人一起度假。
EN: When dad is at work, he fantasizes about going on vacation with the family.

ZH: 我在等公车的时候暗想着是否能遇到一个老朋友。
EN: While waiting for the bus, I daydream about running into an old friend.

ZH: 他暗想着自己有一天能成为一名成功的作家。
EN: He fantasizes about becoming a successful writer one day.

ZH: 妈妈做家务的时候暗想着能够将来请一个保姆。
EN: While doing household chores, mom daydreams about hiring a nanny in the future.

ZH: 那位学生坐在教室里暗想着放学后去玩电子游戏。
EN: The student sitting in the classroom fantasizes about playing video games after school.

ZH: 我在长途车上暗想着能够马上到达目的地。
EN: I daydreamed about reaching the destination right away while on the long-distance bus.

ZH: 她在图书馆里暗想着自己是一名聪明的科学家。
EN: She fantasizes about being an intelligent scientist while in the library.

ZH: 他在洗澡的时候暗想着自己是一位潜水冠军。
EN: While showering, he daydreams about being a diving champion.

ZH: 晚上我躺在床上暗想着明天去海边游泳。
EN: At night, I lie in bed fantasizing about swimming at the beach tomorrow.

ZH: 小狗尾巴一摇一摆地暗想着主人给它吃零食。
EN: The little dog wags its tail, fantasizing about its owner giving it a treat.

ZH: 她在课堂上暗想着自己正站在一个巨大的舞台上表演。
EN: She daydreams about standing on a huge stage and performing while in class.

ZH: 我暗想着能够和好友一起去旅行。
EN: I fantasize about going on a trip with my best friend.

ZH: 爷爷坐在阳台上暗想着年轻时的回忆。
EN: Grandpa sits on the balcony, daydreaming about his memories of youth.

ZH: 她在花园里暗想着自己是一名世界级的花艺师。
EN: She fantasizes about being a world-class florist while in the garden.

ZH: 我在开会的时候暗想着去爬山度假。
EN: While in a meeting, I daydream about going mountain climbing for a vacation.

ZH: 孩子在午休的时候暗想着自己是一名宇航员。
EN: During nap time, the child daydreams about being an astronaut.

ZH: 他坐在公园里暗想着自己是一名音乐家。
EN: He sits in the park, fantasizing about being a musician.
