ZH: 这种言论有伤风化，应该被禁止。
EN: Such remarks are detrimental to public morals and should be banned.

ZH: 这部电影含有伤风化内容，不适合未成年人观看。
EN: This movie contains inappropriate content that is not suitable for minors.

ZH: 那张海报上的画面有伤风化，应该被撤下。
EN: The image on that poster is vulgar and should be taken down.

ZH: 这首歌词涉及到有伤风化的内容，不适合在公共场合播放。
EN: The lyrics of this song contain vulgar content and should not be played in public.

ZH: 在这个社区，有伤风化的行为是被禁止的。
EN: In this community, behavior that is detrimental to public morals is prohibited.

ZH: 他的笑话有伤风化，惹来不少争议。
EN: His jokes are vulgar and have sparked controversy.

ZH: 这幅画作太过露骨，存在明显的有伤风化问题。
EN: This painting is too explicit and has obvious elements that are detrimental to public morals.

ZH: 这则新闻报道涉及有伤风化的内容，引起了公众的反感。
EN: This news report covers content that is detrimental to public morals and has offended the public.

ZH: 演出节目中有伤风化的元素，被指责违反道德规范。
EN: The performance program contains elements that are detrimental to public morals and has been criticized for violating ethical standards.

ZH: 这本小说被指责为有伤风化的作品，遭到了许多人的批评。
EN: This novel has been accused of being a work that is detrimental to public morals and has received criticism from many people.

ZH: 这幅画被认为有伤风化的内容，被停止展示。
EN: This painting is considered to have content that is detrimental to public morals and has been removed from display.

ZH: 这个广告涉及到有伤风化的元素，引起了社会讨论。
EN: This advertisement involves elements that are detrimental to public morals, sparking social discussion.

ZH: 这部电影的剧情涉及到有伤风化的场景，引起了争议。
EN: The plot of this movie involves scenes that are detrimental to public morals, causing controversy.

ZH: 这段对话中的内容有伤风化，不符合社会道德标准。
EN: The content of this conversation is vulgar and does not meet societal moral standards.

ZH: 网上流传的照片存在有伤风化的内容，应当删除。
EN: The photos circulating online contain vulgar content and should be deleted.

ZH: 这家影院被指责播放有伤风化内容的电影。
EN: This cinema has been accused of showing movies with content that is detrimental to public morals.

ZH: 这则新闻报道引起公众对有伤风化问题的关注。
EN: This news report has drawn public attention to issues that are detrimental to public morals.

ZH: 这个网站上的图片含有有伤风化的元素，应当限制访问。
EN: The images on this website contain elements that are detrimental to public morals and should be restricted.

ZH: 这本小说因为有伤风化的内容受到了文学评论家的批评。
EN: This novel has received criticism from literary critics for its content that is detrimental to public morals.
