ZH: 我对这个事情感到非常抱歉，有口难言。
EN: I feel very sorry about this matter, I have a hard time saying it.

ZH: 他昨天撒了一个谎，现在觉得有口难言。
EN: He told a lie yesterday and now feels speechless about it.

ZH: 我不知道怎么告诉她，这件事情真的让我有口难言。
EN: I don't know how to tell her, this matter really makes me speechless.

ZH: 我犯了一个错误，有口难言真的是很难受。
EN: I made a mistake, it really hurts when I can't say it out.

ZH: 在丈夫面前找出婆婆的坏毛病，我顿时有口难言。
EN: I was speechless when I found out my mother-in-law's bad habits in front of my husband.

ZH: 面对老板的谴责，无论怎么解释都觉得有口难言。
EN: Facing the boss's criticism, no matter how I explain it, I feel speechless.

ZH: 面对自己的不足，他有口难言。
EN: Faced with his own shortcomings, he is speechless.

ZH: 被父母发现抽烟的年轻人，都会有口难言。
EN: Young people who are caught smoking by their parents will be speechless.

ZH: 面对孩子的提问，一时之间父母都有口难言。
EN: When faced with a child's questions, parents are speechless for a moment.

ZH: 我实在不知道怎么安慰她，只能无奈地说有口难言。
EN: I really don't know how to comfort her, I can only say it helplessly that I am speechless.

ZH: 面对出差忘带采访记录的事实，记者顿时有口难言。
EN: Faced with the fact that he forgot to bring the interview records on a business trip, the journalist was speechless.

ZH: 无法接受现实，她只觉得有口难言。
EN: Unable to accept reality, she just felt speechless.

ZH: 工作上出现差错，他不得不承认有口难言。
EN: When a mistake happened at work, he had to admit that he is speechless.

ZH: 面对朋友的质问，我只能说我真的有口难言。
EN: Faced with friends' questioning, I can only say that I am really speechless.

ZH: 面对老师的批评，学生只能心里有口难言。
EN: Faced with the teacher's criticism, students can only feel speechless in their hearts.

ZH: 突然被要求解释，他顿时有口难言。
EN: Suddenly being asked to explain, he was speechless.

ZH: 无法说出原因，她只能说有口难言了。
EN: Unable to say the reason, she could only say that she is speechless.

ZH: 面对突如其来的问题，他只觉得有口难言。
EN: Faced with a sudden problem, he just felt speechless.

ZH: 看到自己犯的错误，他立刻有口难言。
EN: Seeing the mistake he made, he was immediately speechless.

ZH: 当面对家人对事情不满，他只觉得有口难言。
EN: When facing the dissatisfaction of family members, he just felt speechless.
