ZH: 我看到那群年轻人玩得很疯狂，望而却步了。
EN: I saw those young people having wild fun and stepped back.

ZH: 这个工作任务太复杂了，让我望而却步。
EN: This task is too complicated, it makes me step back.

ZH: 爬山的时候看到陡峭的岩壁，大家都望而却步了。
EN: When climbing the mountain, everyone stepped back when they saw the steep cliffs.

ZH: 她学习舞蹈遇到了很大困难，差点望而却步了。
EN: She encountered great difficulty in learning to dance, and almost stepped back.

ZH: 我看到面前的危险场景后，不禁望而却步。
EN: After seeing the dangerous scene in front of me, I couldn't help but step back.

ZH: 他发现考试的难度超出了自己的想象，开始望而却步。
EN: He found that the difficulty of the exam exceeded his imagination and started to step back.

ZH: 在看到恶劣的天气后，我们决定望而却步，取消了登山计划。
EN: After seeing the bad weather, we decided to step back and canceled the hiking plan.

ZH: 我本想加入那个俱乐部，但是一看到会员名单就望而却步了。
EN: I originally wanted to join that club, but I stepped back after seeing the member list.

ZH: 他对于围棋这项运动感到十分陌生，所以望而却步了。
EN: He was very unfamiliar with the game of Go, so he stepped back.

ZH: 这部电影的主题我不太擅长，看了一会儿就望而却步了。
EN: I'm not good at the theme of this movie, so I stepped back after watching it for a while.

ZH: 面对这个陌生的城市，他感到望而却步，不知道该往哪里走。
EN: Faced with this unfamiliar city, he felt lost and didn't know which way to go.

ZH: 我原本想参加这个比赛，但是看到对手的实力，不由望而却步了。
EN: I originally wanted to participate in this competition, but I stepped back after seeing the strength of the opponents.

ZH: 考试的时间表出来后，很多同学望而却步，觉得无法应付。
EN: After the exam schedule came out, many classmates stepped back, feeling unable to cope.

ZH: 面对困境，他没有望而却步，而是奋起反击。
EN: Faced with difficulties, he didn't step back, but fought back.

ZH: 在看到血淋淋的暴力电影场景后，她感到恶心，望而却步了。
EN: After seeing the bloody scenes in violent movies, she felt nauseous and stepped back.

ZH: 那个人在对方的挑衅下望而却步，没有战斗的勇气。
EN: The person stepped back in the face of the other's provocation, lacking the courage to fight.

ZH: 面对挑战，我们不能望而却步，而是要迎难而上。
EN: Faced with challenges, we must not step back, but face them head-on.

ZH: 在经历了失败和挫折后，他决心再接再厉，绝不望而却步。
EN: After experiencing failure and setbacks, he is determined to persevere and never step back.

ZH: 这个项目的难度很大，很多人望而却步，不敢接手。
EN: This project is very difficult, and many people step back and dare not take it on.

ZH: 遇到困难时，不要望而却步，要坚持下去。
EN: Don't step back when facing difficulties, keep going.
