ZH: 我本来计划去旅行，可是突然改变主意了。
EN: I originally planned to go on a trip, but suddenly changed my mind.

ZH: 妈妈本来说好要给我买礼物，结果忘了。
EN: My mom originally promised to buy me a gift, but she forgot.

ZH: 我本来不想吃火锅，但是朋友们把我说服了。
EN: I originally didn't want to eat hot pot, but my friends convinced me.

ZH: 他本来信誓旦旦地说会准时到达，但是又迟到了。
EN: He originally promised to arrive on time, but ended up being late again.

ZH: 我本来以为今天的考试很简单，没想到这么难。
EN: I originally thought today's exam would be easy, but it turned out to be difficult.

ZH: 当初我们本来打算在海边度假，但是找不到合适的地方。
EN: We originally planned to vacation by the seaside, but couldn't find a suitable place.

ZH: 我本来以为这个冰淇淋很甜，结果很淡。
EN: I originally thought this ice cream would be very sweet, but it turned out to be bland.

ZH: 我本来想在周末休息，却收到了一个重要工作任务。
EN: I originally wanted to rest on the weekend, but received an important work assignment.

ZH: 她本来决定留在家里过年，但是突然改变主意了。
EN: She originally decided to stay at home for Chinese New Year, but suddenly changed her mind.

ZH: 我本来打算锻炼身体，但是因为下雨取消了。
EN: I originally planned to exercise, but it got canceled due to rain.

ZH: 我们本来不想买新手机，结果被促销活动吸引了。
EN: We originally didn't want to buy a new phone, but got attracted by a promotion.

ZH: 他本来打算走路去学校，结果妈妈送他去的。
EN: He originally planned to walk to school, but his mom gave him a ride.

ZH: 我们本来选了一家餐厅，结果发现关门了。
EN: We originally chose a restaurant, but found out it was closed.

ZH: 我本来买了张机票，要去旅行，但是因为疫情取消了。
EN: I originally bought a plane ticket to travel, but canceled due to the pandemic.

ZH: 她本来是要结婚的，可是因为感情出了问题，最后取消了婚礼。
EN: She was originally going to get married, but due to relationship issues, the wedding got canceled.

ZH: 我本来准备好了，却在最后一刻放弃了。
EN: I was all prepared, but gave up at the last moment.

ZH: 我本来没打算买这双鞋，结果看到一折就忍不住了。
EN: I originally didn't plan to buy these shoes, but couldn't resist the discount.

ZH: 他本来不相信这个传闻，但是事实证明确实是真的。
EN: He originally didn't believe the rumor, but the fact proved it to be true.

ZH: 我本来对这个项目持怀疑态度，但是最终它成功了。
EN: I originally had doubts about this project, but in the end, it was successful.

ZH: 老板本来要开会，但最后取消了。
EN: The boss originally wanted to have a meeting, but ended up canceling it.
