ZH: 这种武器的杀伤力非常强，可以瞬间摧毁目标。
EN: The destructive power of this weapon is very strong and can instantly destroy the target.

ZH: 这次地震的杀伤力令人震惊，造成了巨大的人员伤亡。
EN: The destructive power of this earthquake is shocking, causing massive casualties.

ZH: 这种毒药的杀伤力极大，一小剂就足以致命。
EN: The destructive power of this poison is immense, a small dose is enough to be lethal.

ZH: 这款炸弹的杀伤力覆盖范围很广，可以炸毁整个建筑物。
EN: The destructive power of this bomb has a wide coverage range, capable of demolishing entire buildings.

ZH: 这场战争的杀伤力带来了巨大的人道主义灾难。
EN: The destructive power of this war has brought about a huge humanitarian disaster.

ZH: 他的言论具有很大的杀伤力，引起了社会各界的广泛关注。
EN: His speech has a great impact, attracting widespread attention from all sectors of society.

ZH: 这部电影展示了战争的残酷和杀伤力。
EN: This movie showcases the brutality and destructiveness of war.

ZH: 预测显示，这场台风的杀伤力将非常严重。
EN: The forecast indicates that this typhoon will have a severe destructive power.

ZH: 这种病毒的杀伤力极强，传染速度也非常快。
EN: This virus has an extremely strong destructive power and spreads very quickly.

ZH: 这种新型武器的杀伤力超过了以往任何一种武器。
EN: The destructive power of this new type of weapon surpasses any previous ones.

ZH: 这种毒气具有极高的杀伤力，可以迅速导致人体机能衰竭。
EN: This gas has a high destructive power and can quickly lead to organ failure in the human body.

ZH: 这种新型炸药的杀伤力超出了人们的想象。
EN: The destructive power of this new explosive exceeds people's imagination.

ZH: 这种疾病的传染性和杀伤力引发了全球范围的恐慌。
EN: The contagiousness and destructive power of this disease have triggered a global panic.

ZH: 战争的杀伤力造成了大量无辜人民的伤亡。
EN: The destructive power of war has led to the casualties of a large number of innocent civilians.

ZH: 这个犯罪团伙的杀伤力令人胆寒，已造成了多起悲剧性事件。
EN: The destructive power of this criminal gang is chilling, causing multiple tragic incidents.

ZH: 这场火灾的杀伤力巨大，烧毁了整栋大楼。
EN: The destructive power of this fire is immense, burning down the entire building.

ZH: 这种细菌的杀伤力非常强，可以迅速导致死亡。
EN: The destructive power of this bacteria is very strong, leading to rapid death.

ZH: 广告的杀伤力让人即刻决定购买该产品。
EN: The impact of the advertisement makes people decide to purchase the product immediately.

ZH: 这位演讲者的言辞有很大的杀伤力，深深打动了观众的心灵。
EN: The speaker's words have great impact, deeply moving the hearts of the audience.

ZH: 这次爆炸的杀伤力广泛，波及到附近的居民和建筑物。
EN: The destructive power of this explosion is extensive, affecting nearby residents and buildings.
