ZH:老板惩罚了一个员工，杀鸡吓猴，其他员工都很害怕。
EN: The boss punished one employee as a warning to others, causing everyone to be scared.

ZH:政府对一家企业采取了严厉的措施，杀鸡吓猴，导致其他企业也乖乖遵守法规。
EN: The government took strict measures against one company, scaring others into compliance with regulations.

ZH:这家公司对违规行为零容忍，经常杀鸡吓猴，让员工自觉遵守规章制度。
EN: This company has zero tolerance for violations and often uses "杀鸡吓猴" tactics to make employees willingly follow rules and regulations.

ZH:警察逮捕了一名涉嫌犯罪的人，采取了杀鸡吓猴的手段，给其他潜在犯罪分子一个警示。
EN: The police arrested a suspect and used "杀鸡吓猴" tactics to warn potential criminals.

ZH:领导上台对不履职的员工进行了公开批评，这是在杀鸡吓猴。
EN: The leader publicly criticized employees for not fulfilling their duties, using "杀鸡吓猴" tactics.

ZH:为了提高生产效率，企业管理层采取了杀鸡吓猴的手段，要求员工加班加点。
EN: In order to increase productivity, the management of the company used "杀鸡吓猴" tactics to require employees to work overtime.

ZH:政府部门对环保问题进行了严格监管，不断地对违反规定的企业进行处罚，全是在杀鸡吓猴。
EN: Government agencies have been rigorously monitoring environmental issues and constantly punishing companies that violate regulations, all in an effort to use "杀鸡吓猴" tactics.

ZH:管理团队对工作态度不端正的员工进行了批评，希望以杀鸡吓猴的方式促使他们改正行为。
EN: The management team criticized employees with bad attitudes in hopes of correcting their behavior using "杀鸡吓猴" tactics.

ZH:为了维护公司形象，雇主不得不对一些员工进行处理，采取了杀鸡吓猴的措施。
EN: In order to maintain the company's image, the employer had to deal with some employees and used "杀鸡吓猴" tactics.

ZH:教育部门对学校进行检查，为了给其他学校一个警示，采取了杀鸡吓猴的手段。
EN: The education department inspected a school and used "杀鸡吓猴" tactics as a warning to other schools.

ZH:公司领导发现某些员工经常迟到早退，只好对其中一名员工进行处理，杀鸡吓猴。
EN: Company leaders found that some employees often came in late or left early, so they had to deal with one of them as a warning to others, using "杀鸡吓猴" tactics.

ZH:政府机关对违法行为进行了严肃处理，想以杀鸡吓猴之势震慑住不法分子。
EN: Government agencies have dealt with illegal activities seriously in hopes of deterring criminals using "杀鸡吓猴" tactics.

ZH:面对员工的不规范行为，管理层只得对其中一名员工进行处理，用杀鸡吓猴来警示其他人。
EN: Faced with employees' irregular behavior, the management had to deal with one employee as a warning to others, using "杀鸡吓猴" tactics.

ZH:为了维护公司的声誉，公司领导不得不惩罚某个违规的员工，杀鸡吓猴。
EN: In order to maintain the company's reputation, the company leadership had to punish an employee who broke the rules, using "杀鸡吓猴" tactics.

ZH:政府对环保问题高度重视，采取杀鸡吓猴的举措，想让企业提高环保意识。
EN: The government places great importance on environmental issues and has taken "杀鸡吓猴" measures in hopes of raising corporate awareness of environmental protection.

ZH:公司为了提高经济效益，不得不对效率低下的员工进行处理，用杀鸡吓猴的方式促使其改进。
EN: In order to improve economic efficiency, the company had to deal with employees who were not performing well, using "杀鸡吓猴" tactics to encourage improvement.

ZH:一些员工总是违反公司的规章制度，使得领导不得不孤立一人进行处理，采取了杀鸡吓猴之策。
EN: Some employees always violate company regulations, so the leadership had to isolate one person for discipline, resorting to "杀鸡吓猴" tactics.

ZH:为了遏制违纪现象，公司领导必须对某些员工下手，采用杀鸡吓猴的手段。
EN: In order to curb violations, company leaders had to take action against some employees, using "杀鸡吓猴" tactics.

ZH:面对员工不服从管理的行为，公司领导只能孤立其中一人为例，借以杀鸡吓猴。
EN: Faced with employees' insubordination, company leaders could only isolate one person as an example, using "杀鸡吓猴" tactics.
