ZH: 我来不及吃早饭就赶着去上班了。
EN: I didn't have time to eat breakfast before rushing to work.

ZH: 报告明天早上十点截止，我们来不及完成了。
EN: The report is due at ten o'clock tomorrow morning, but we won't make it in time.

ZH: 妈妈来不及洗头，所以只梳了一下发就出门了。
EN: Mom didn't have time to wash her hair, so she just quickly combed it and left.

ZH: 考试已经开始了，你来不及复习了。
EN: The exam has already started, you won't have time to review.

ZH: 我昨天晚上睡得太晚，来不及做好准备就迟到了。
EN: I slept too late last night, so I was late without being properly prepared.

ZH: 这个项目太复杂了，我们来不及分析每一个细节。
EN: This project is too complicated, we don't have time to analyze every detail.

ZH: 我们得匆匆忙忙地参加一个紧急会议，来不及通知其他同事。
EN: We have to rush to attend an emergency meeting, too rushed to inform other colleagues.

ZH: 他昨天生病了，来不及去看医生。
EN: He got sick yesterday, too late to go see a doctor.

ZH: 他太着急了，来不及等我们一起出发。
EN: He was too impatient, didn't give us enough time to leave together.

ZH: 我家的火车票来不及订，只好坐飞机回去了。
EN: I didn't have time to book a train ticket for my home, so I had to take a plane back.

ZH: 明天的会议时间太紧促了，来不及安排好议程。
EN: The meeting tomorrow is too tight on schedule, not enough time to arrange the agenda properly.

ZH: 我们赶火车的时候来不及检查行李。
EN: We were too rushed to check our luggage when catching the train.

ZH: 她出门时来不及拿伞，结果淋了一个湿透。
EN: She didn't have time to grab an umbrella before leaving, which resulted in getting drenched.

ZH: 因为交通拥堵，我们来不及抵达演出现场。
EN: Due to traffic congestion, we didn't make it to the show in time.

ZH: 这次的行程排得太满，来不及享受每一个地方。
EN: The schedule for this trip is too packed, not enough time to enjoy each place.

ZH: 我们俩一路狂奔，来不及顾及周围的风景。
EN: The two of us ran all the way, too rushed to care about the scenery around us.

ZH: 他的预定餐馆来不及准备晚餐，只好去别的地方吃了。
EN: The restaurant he reserved didn't have time to prepare dinner, so he had to go somewhere else to eat.

ZH: 因为赶时间，他来不及对作文做最后的修改。
EN: Because of haste, he didn't have time to make final edits on the essay.

ZH: 我们在足球比赛前来不及买到门票。
EN: We didn't manage to get tickets for the football match in time.

ZH: 路上堵车了，我们来不及赶到火车站。
EN: There was a traffic jam on the road, we didn't make it to the train station in time.
