ZH: 这个店的来头可不小，它是个国际连锁品牌。
EN: This shop has a strong background, it is an international chain brand.

ZH: 他的来头很大，他是这个公司的创始人。
EN: He has a significant background; he is the founder of this company.

ZH: 这个村庄的来头很有趣，传说它有千年的历史。
EN: This village has an interesting history; legend says it has a thousand years of history.

ZH: 你要知道，这个饭店的来头不小，它是获过多次米其林星级评定的。
EN: You should know that this restaurant has a significant background; it has been awarded multiple Michelin stars.

ZH: 这个人的来头不简单，他是一位著名的电影导演。
EN: This person has a remarkable background; he is a famous film director.

ZH: 这个商人显然来头不小，他买下了整个岛屿。
EN: This businessman clearly has a strong background; he bought the entire island.

ZH: 这家公司的来头让我很放心，它拥有多年的经验。
EN: I have confidence in this company's background; it has years of experience.

ZH: 这个展览的来头很不错，会有很多知名艺术家参加。
EN: The exhibition has a good background; many renowned artists will participate.

ZH: 我们必须考虑他的来头，他可是个非常有影响力的人物。
EN: We must consider his background; he is a very influential figure.

ZH: 这个比赛的来头不小，会有许多世界冠军参加。
EN: This competition has a significant background; many world champions will participate.

ZH: 你知道吗？他的来头很牛，他是一位顶级科学家。
EN: Do you know? He has an impressive background; he is a top-level scientist.

ZH: 这个城市的来头不简单，曾经是古代帝国的首都。
EN: This city has an extraordinary background; it was once the capital of an ancient empire.

ZH: 这种酒的来头很大，是皇室专享的佳酿。
EN: This type of wine has a significant background; it is a fine wine exclusively enjoyed by the royal family.

ZH: 他的来头无人能敌，他是全世界最著名的歌手之一。
EN: No one can match his background; he is one of the most famous singers in the world.

ZH: 这个地方的来头不小，是一座历史悠久的古城。
EN: This place has a strong background; it is an ancient city with a long history.

ZH: 这位演员的来头很硬，曾获得多个国际电影奖项。
EN: This actor has a strong background; he has won multiple international film awards.

ZH: 他的来头令人敬畏，是世界顶级的金融家之一。
EN: His background is awe-inspiring; he is one of the top financial experts in the world.

ZH: 这家企业的来头可不小，曾经是全球最大的公司之一。
EN: This enterprise has a significant background; it was once one of the largest companies in the world.

ZH: 这个学校的来头很不错，有很多优秀的毕业生。
EN: This school has a good background; it has many outstanding graduates.

ZH: 我听说这场音乐会的来头很大，将有国际级乐团演出。
EN: I heard that this concert has a remarkable background; there will be an internationally renowned orchestra performing.
