ZH: 他因为长时间的工作而感到疲惫不堪，开始松懈了。
EN: He felt exhausted from working long hours and started to slack off.

ZH: 学生们对于考试已经过去了的事情感到松懈了。
EN: The students became lax about the exams that had already passed.

ZH: 我们应该警惕松懈，继续努力学习。
EN: We should be vigilant to avoid slacking off and continue studying hard.

ZH: 在工作中，不能允许松懈的心态出现。
EN: In work, we cannot allow a mindset of laxity.

ZH: 周末的时候，他总是松懈地度过，没有做任何有意义的事情。
EN: He always spends his weekends in a relaxed manner without doing anything meaningful.

ZH: 老师很生气，因为学生们开始松懈了学习态度。
EN: The teacher was angry because the students started to slack off in their attitude towards studying.

ZH: 他的成绩开始下滑，因为他松懈了对学习的专注。
EN: His grades started to decline because he became lax in his focus on studying.

ZH: 老板提醒员工不要在工作中松懈，要保持高效率。
EN: The boss reminded the employees not to slack off at work and to maintain high efficiency.

ZH: 长时间的成功容易导致人们松懈警惕。
EN: Long-term success can easily lead people to become lax in their vigilance.

ZH: 学习遇到困难时，不能选择松懈，而应该继续努力。
EN: When faced with difficulties in studying, one should not choose to slack off but continue to work hard.

ZH: 这个项目离截止日期还有一段时间，但我们不能松懈。
EN: There is still some time left before the deadline for this project, but we cannot slack off.

ZH: 松懈的心态会导致工作效率低下。
EN: A lax mindset can lead to low work efficiency.

ZH: 他们的训练一直保持着高度紧张，没有松懈过。
EN: Their training has always been highly intense, without any slackening.

ZH: 面对困难，我们不能松懈，而是应该奋发向前。
EN: In the face of difficulties, we should not slack off but strive forward.

ZH: 在紧张的工作之后，他需要放松一下，但不能过于松懈。
EN: After intense work, he needs to relax, but not to the point of being too lax.

ZH: 他因为过度松懈而错过了这个机会。
EN: He missed this opportunity because he was too slack.

ZH: 松懈是成功的敌人，我们不能给自己放松的机会。
EN: Laxity is the enemy of success, and we should not give ourselves the chance to slack off.

ZH: 他的学习态度开始变得松懈，对成绩没有积极的追求。
EN: His attitude towards studying started to become lax, without actively pursuing good grades.

ZH: 他们在工作中的松懈态度让同事们感到不满。
EN: Their lax attitude towards work made their colleagues dissatisfied.

ZH: 不要着急松懈，我们还有很长的路要走。
EN: Don't rush to slack off, we still have a long way to go.
