ZH: 这个问题是板上钉钉的，我们不能再改变主意了。
EN: This issue is set in stone, we can no longer change our minds.

ZH: 这个计划已经确定了，是板上钉钉的。
EN: The plan has been finalized and it's set in stone.

ZH: 我们已经签了合同，这次生意是板上钉钉的。
EN: We have already signed the contract, this business deal is set in stone.

ZH: 我们已经做出了决定，一切都是板上钉钉的。
EN: We have made a decision, everything is set in stone.

ZH: 今天会议的议程已经确定，是板上钉钉的。
EN: The agenda for today's meeting has been set and it's set in stone.

ZH: 不管别人怎么说，我的观点是板上钉钉的。
EN: No matter what others say, my opinion is set in stone.

ZH: 我们已经达成了共识，这个问题是板上钉钉的。
EN: We have reached a consensus, this issue is set in stone.

ZH: 我们已经讨论过此事，结论是板上钉钉的。
EN: We have discussed this matter and the conclusion is set in stone.

ZH: 我的决定已经做出，无论如何都不会改变，是板上钉钉的。
EN: My decision has been made and it won't change no matter what, it's set in stone.

ZH: 我们已经安排好了行程，所有安排都是板上钉钉的。
EN: We have arranged the itinerary, all the arrangements are set in stone.

ZH: 这个方案已经完全确定，是板上钉钉的。
EN: This plan has been fully confirmed and it's set in stone.

ZH: 我们已经商定好了时间，会议的日期是板上钉钉的。
EN: We have agreed on the date, the meeting is set in stone.

ZH: 不管发生什么情况，我会按照计划进行，是板上钉钉的。
EN: No matter what happens, I will stick to the plan, it's set in stone.

ZH: 这个约定已经达成了，我们双方都应该遵守，是板上钉钉的。
EN: This agreement has been reached, both parties should abide by it, it's set in stone.

ZH: 我已经向老板提出了辞职申请，我离职的决定是板上钉钉的。
EN: I have submitted my resignation to the boss, my decision to quit is set in stone.

ZH: 我们已经确定了房屋的装修方案，一切都已经板上钉钉了。
EN: We have finalized the renovation plan for the house, everything is set in stone.

ZH: 尽管遇到了很多困难，但我们仍然坚持完成任务，这是板上钉钉的。
EN: Despite facing many difficulties, we still persevere to complete the task, it's set in stone.

ZH: 我们已经投资了很多资金，这个项目是板上钉钉的，不能失败。
EN: We have invested a lot of funds, this project is set in stone, it cannot fail.

ZH: 她已经向我们表明了立场，她的决定是板上钉钉的。
EN: She has made her position clear to us, her decision is set in stone.

ZH: 计划已经制定好了，执行必须按照板上钉钉的要求进行。
EN: The plan has been prepared, execution must adhere to the set-in-stone requirements.
