ZH: 请问，你可以告诉我香水在哪个柜台吗？
EN: Excuse me, can you tell me where the perfume is located on the counter?

ZH: 我在柜台工作，每天都要接待很多顾客。
EN: I work at the counter and have to serve a lot of customers every day.

ZH: 这个柜台上的商品都是打折的。
EN: The items on this counter are all on sale.

ZH: 需要办理退货的话，请到客服柜台。
EN: If you need to make a return, please go to the customer service counter.

ZH: 柜台人员很有礼貌，提供了很好的服务。
EN: The counter staff is very polite and provides excellent service.

ZH: 在百货公司里，有不同种类的柜台，你可以选购各种商品。
EN: In the department store, there are different types of counters where you can purchase various goods.

ZH: 我把钥匙放在柜台上了，请记得拿起来。
EN: I left the keys on the counter, please remember to pick them up.

ZH: 你可以在售后服务柜台申请保修。
EN: You can apply for warranty at the after-sales service counter.

ZH: 在旅游景点，你可以在导览柜台领取地图和信息手册。
EN: At tourist attractions, you can get maps and information brochures at the information counter.

ZH: 这家商店的收银柜台有很长的等待时间。
EN: The cash counter in this store has a long waiting time.

ZH: 在医院里，护士会在接待大厅的柜台上帮你挂号。
EN: In the hospital, nurses will help you register at the reception counter in the lobby.

ZH: 他挣扎着走到柜台前，向售货员求救。
EN: He struggled to the counter and asked the shop assistant for help.

ZH: 这家饭店的柜台上陈列着各种美味的点心。
EN: The counter of this restaurant displays various delicious desserts.

ZH: 不要把咖啡杯放在木制的柜台上，会留下圈痕。
EN: Don't place the coffee cup on the wooden counter, it will leave a ring mark.

ZH: 他一边站在柜台旁边，一边向顾客介绍新产品。
EN: He stood next to the counter and introduced the new product to the customers.

ZH: 这个柜台后面的工作人员在整理货物。
EN: The staff behind this counter is organizing the merchandise.

ZH: 我在柜台买了几本书，然后离开了书店。
EN: I bought a few books at the counter and then left the bookstore.

ZH: 快递员把包裹放在快递柜台上，等待收件人来领取。
EN: The delivery person put the package on the express counter, waiting for the recipient to pick it up.

ZH: 请将现金放在柜台上，我来为您找零钱。
EN: Please place the cash on the counter, I will give you change.

ZH: 寄存行李的柜台在机场大厅的左边。
EN: The baggage storage counter is on the left side of the airport lobby.
