ZH: 我们的学校校刊最近刊登了一篇关于环保的文章。
EN: Our school magazine recently published an article about environmental protection.

ZH: 你有兴趣参与校刊的编辑工作吗？
EN: Are you interested in being part of the editorial team for the school magazine?

ZH: 校刊的排版设计很漂亮。
EN: The layout design of the school magazine is very beautiful.

ZH: 很多同学都喜欢在校刊上发表自己的作品。
EN: Many students like to publish their own works in the school magazine.

ZH: 校刊的发行规模不断扩大。
EN: The circulation of the school magazine is continuously expanding.

ZH: 我们每个月都能接收到校刊的电子版。
EN: We receive the electronic version of the school magazine every month.

ZH: 校刊的内容丰富多彩，涵盖了各个领域。
EN: The content of the school magazine is rich and diverse, covering various fields.

ZH: 最新一期的校刊报道了学校的体育活动。
EN: The latest issue of the school magazine reported on the school's sports activities.

ZH: 校刊是展现学校风采的重要宣传载体。
EN: The school magazine is an important propaganda platform to showcase the school's style.

ZH: 你知道校刊社的联系方式吗？
EN: Do you know the contact information of the school magazine editorial team?

ZH: 校刊的编辑人员需要具备一定的写作能力。
EN: The editorial staff of the school magazine needs to have a certain writing ability.

ZH: 校刊社每年都会举办各种创作比赛。
EN: The school magazine editorial team holds various creative competitions every year.

ZH: 我们班的同学们都很积极投稿给校刊。
EN: Our classmates are all very active in submitting their works to the school magazine.

ZH: 请你帮我拿一份校刊过来。
EN: Can you pass me a copy of the school magazine?

ZH: 校刊社的活动很有趣，你应该去参加。
EN: The activities of the school magazine editorial team are very interesting, you should join.

ZH: 我们学校的校刊每周都会更新一期。
EN: Our school magazine is updated every week.

ZH: 我喜欢在校刊上看到同学们的精彩表现。
EN: I like to see the wonderful performances of my classmates in the school magazine.

ZH: 校刊改版之后，设计风格更加现代化。
EN: After the redesign of the school magazine, the design style became more modern.

ZH: 学校领导非常重视校刊的出版工作。
EN: The school leaders attach great importance to the publication of the school magazine.

ZH: 我们校刊社的主页更新了很多新文章。
EN: The homepage of our school magazine editorial team has updated many new articles.
