ZH: 一分耕耘，一分收获，这是农民常挂在嘴边的格言。
EN: "One minute of toil, one minute of harvest," is a motto frequently spoken by farmers.

ZH: 世上无难事，只怕有心人，这是古人留下的格言。
EN: "There is nothing difficult in this world, as long as one is dedicated," is a motto passed down by ancient sages.

ZH: 明日复明日，明日何其多，这句格言提醒我们及时行动。
EN: "Tomorrow and tomorrow, there will be countless tomorrows." This motto reminds us to take action in a timely manner.

ZH: 决战到天亮，这是年轻人口中的格言。
EN: "Fight until dawn" is a motto frequently mentioned by young people.

ZH: 海纳百川，有容乃大，这是我们的格言。
EN: "The sea embraces a hundred rivers, only when it is accommodating can it be vast." This is our motto.

ZH: 机不可失，时不再来，这是成功者的格言。
EN: "Opportunities never come twice." This is the motto of successful people.

ZH: 一日无事，便是人间悠闲。这是古人倡导的生活格言。
EN: "If there is no task for the day, then it is leisure in the world." This is a life motto advocated by ancient people.

ZH: 笑一笑，十年少。这是流传已久的中国格言。
EN: "One smile can make you ten years younger." This is a long-standing Chinese motto.

ZH: 面朝大海，春暖花开，这是我们信奉的格言。
EN: "Facing the sea, the spring blossoms," is the motto we believe in.

ZH: 前事不忘，后事之师，这是无数学者的格言。
EN: "Do not forget the past events, they are teachers for the future." This is the motto of countless scholars.

ZH: 不患人之不己知，患不知人也，这是自省者的格言。
EN: "Do not worry that others do not know you, worry about not knowing others." This is the motto of introspective individuals.

ZH: 活到老，学到老，这是学习者的格言。
EN: "Learn as long as you live" is the motto of lifelong learners.

ZH: 时不我待，过时不再来，这是珍惜时间的格言。
EN: "Time waits for no one, and once it passes, it will not return." This is a motto about cherishing time.

ZH: 敬前爱后，这是处理人际关系的格言。
EN: "Respect the past and love the future" is the motto for dealing with interpersonal relationships.

ZH: 自强不息，这是自我奋斗的格言。
EN: "Strive for self-improvement" is the motto for personal growth.

ZH: 言者无罪，闻者足戒，这是言论自由的格言。
EN: "The speaker is innocent, but the listener should be cautious." This is the motto of free speech.

ZH: 若要人不知，除非己莫为。这是劝人行善的格言。
EN: "If you don't want others to know, don't do it in the first place." This is a motto to encourage people to do good.

ZH: 涓滴之水可以磨坚石，这是耐心者的格言。
EN: "Dripping water can penetrate even the toughest stone" is the motto of patient individuals.

ZH: 少壮不努力，老大徒伤悲，这是告诫年轻人的格言。
EN: "If the young do not strive hard, they will regret it when old." This is a motto to warn young people.

ZH: 四海之内皆兄弟，这是爱国主义的格言。
EN: "Within the four seas, we are all brothers" is the motto of patriotism.
