ZH: 老师鼓励我们要相互检举作弊行为。
EN: The teacher encouraged us to report cheating incidents on each other.

ZH: 这个城市设立了热线电话，专门用来检举违法行为。
EN: This city has set up a hotline specifically for reporting illegal activities.

ZH: 他毫不犹豫地检举了他的同伴参与了非法交易。
EN: He didn't hesitate to denounce his companion for engaging in illegal transactions.

ZH: 政府呼吁人民勇于检举腐败行为。
EN: The government called on the people to bravely report acts of corruption.

ZH: 她因检举了黑帮的活动而受到了威胁。
EN: She was threatened for exposing the activities of the mafia.

ZH: 公民有权利检举任何危害公共利益的行为。
EN: Citizens have the right to report any actions that harm public interests.

ZH: 邻居们决定携手合作，共同检举街头骚扰的行为。
EN: The neighbors decided to join forces and collectively denounce street harassment incidents.

ZH: 这个社区建立了一个匿名举报制度，鼓励人们积极检举犯罪行为。
EN: This community has established an anonymous reporting system to encourage people to actively report criminal activities.

ZH: 公司内部采取了举报制度，以鼓励员工检举违反道德准则的行为。
EN: The company has implemented a reporting system internally to encourage employees to report violations of ethical standards.

ZH: 他抵制了家族内发生的不公正行为，并毫不犹豫地进行了检举。
EN: He resisted the unjust acts occurring within his family and promptly made a report without hesitation.

ZH: 这个新闻机构以揭露政府腐败行为为己任，频繁检举不法之徒。
EN: This news organization takes it upon themselves to expose government corruption and frequently denounces wrongdoers.

ZH: 他因为检举了贪污案件，成为了公众眼中的英雄。
EN: He became a hero in the eyes of the public for reporting a corruption case.

ZH: 那名目击者被要求提供关于肇事车辆的任何线索，并被保证他的检举信息会保密。
EN: The eyewitness was asked to provide any clues about the hit-and-run vehicle and was assured that his reporting information would be kept confidential.

ZH: 这位记者发表了一篇文章，揭露了一项巨大的金融丑闻，并向公众呼吁检举相关的不法行为。
EN: The journalist published an article exposing a massive financial scandal and called on the public to report any relevant illegal activities.

ZH: 那位勇敢的警察勇于检举内部有关走私活动的问题，并促使调查的进行。
EN: The brave police officer boldly reported internal issues regarding smuggling activities and prompted the investigation to take place.

ZH: 社会需要更多的人愿意站出来检举性骚扰行为。
EN: Society needs more people willing to come forward and report incidents of sexual harassment.

ZH: 这个组织发布了一个在线平台，供人们匿名检举环境破坏行为。
EN: This organization launched an online platform for people to anonymously report acts of environmental destruction.

ZH: 她决定检举公司内部的不当行为，希望能促使改变。
EN: She decided to report the inappropriate behavior happening within the company, hoping to bring about change.

ZH: 他通过检举，揭露了政府官员收受贿赂的行为。
EN: He exposed the act of government officials accepting bribes through his report.

ZH: 这个智能手机应用程序允许用户匿名检举逃税行为。
EN: This smartphone application allows users to anonymously report tax evasion.
