ZH: 我们需要专心做正经事，不能再拖延了。
EN: We need to focus on doing serious business and can't delay any longer.

ZH: 别再做些无聊的事，快去做些正经事吧。
EN: Stop doing boring things and go do some serious business.

ZH: 老板正在开会讨论正经事，我们不能打扰他们。
EN: The boss is discussing serious business in a meeting, we can't disturb them.

ZH: 快点去做正经事，别再浪费时间了。
EN: Hurry up and do some serious business, stop wasting time.

ZH: 我们公司的规划部门一直在研究正经事。
EN: Our company's planning department has been researching serious business.

ZH: 这是个紧急的任务，我们只能集中精力做正经事。
EN: This is an urgent task, we can only focus on doing serious business.

ZH: 下周要和客户谈合作的正经事，我们要做好准备。
EN: Next week we will discuss serious business collaborations with clients, we need to be prepared.

ZH: 在工作时间要专心做正经事，不能随便聊天。
EN: Focus on doing serious business during work hours, no casual chatting.

ZH: 别再拿无关紧要的事来烦我们，我们要做正经事。
EN: Stop bothering us with trivial things, we need to focus on doing serious business.

ZH: 老师正在给学生们讲解正经事的重要性。
EN: The teacher is explaining the importance of serious business to the students.

ZH: 我们不能再拖延了，要开始做正经事。
EN: We can't delay any longer, we need to start doing serious business.

ZH: 在这个项目上，我们只关心做正经事，不要陷入无谓的争执。
EN: In this project, we only care about doing serious business, don't get caught up in pointless arguments.

ZH: 老板让我们每周提交做的正经事的报告。
EN: The boss asked us to submit a report on the serious business we've done every week.

ZH: 在这个团队里，我们要专注于做好正经事。
EN: In this team, we need to focus on doing serious business well.

ZH: 即使有很多诱惑，我们也要坚持做正经事。
EN: Even with many temptations, we need to persist in doing serious business.

ZH: 他们正在商讨明年的计划和一些正经事。
EN: They are discussing next year's plans and some serious business.

ZH: 小明一直专心地做着正经事，深得老板的赏识。
EN: Xiaoming has been diligently doing serious business and has won the boss's appreciation.

ZH: 做好正经事是成功的关键，我们不能马虎。
EN: Doing well in serious business is the key to success, we can't be careless.

ZH: 老板说我们公司正在考虑做一些新的正经事。
EN: The boss said our company is considering doing some new serious business.

ZH: 在工作上，我们不能偏离正经事的道路。
EN: In work, we can't stray from the path of serious business.
