ZH: 我正要出门，你需要我帮忙吗？
EN: I was about to leave, do you need any help?

ZH: 他们正要准备晚餐的时候，电话突然响了。
EN: They were about to start preparing dinner when the phone suddenly rang.

ZH: 我刚正要离开家门，就看到了一只可爱的小猫。
EN: I was just about to leave the house when I saw a cute little cat.

ZH: 她刚正要打开书，突然听到了外面有人敲门。
EN: She was just about to open the book when she suddenly heard someone knocking at the door.

ZH: 他正要回答老师的问题时，忘了答案。
EN: He was about to answer the teacher's question when he forgot the answer.

ZH: 我们正要出发的时候，下起了大雨。
EN: We were about to leave when it started raining heavily.

ZH: 他们正要开始比赛，却发现一个队员没有来。
EN: They were about to start the game when they realized one team member didn't show up.

ZH: 我正要收拾房间，就听到门铃声响了。
EN: I was about to tidy up the room when I heard the doorbell ring.

ZH: 他们正要谈论计划，突然停电了。
EN: They were about to discuss the plan when the power went out.

ZH: 我们正要离开旅馆，碰到了一个老朋友。
EN: We were about to leave the hotel when we ran into an old friend.

ZH: 他刚正要开始写作业，却接到了一个重要电话。
EN: He was just about to start his homework when he received an important call.

ZH: 我们正要打电话给他，他却来了。
EN: We were about to call him when he showed up.

ZH: 他们正要出发去旅行，却发现车钥匙不见了。
EN: They were about to leave for their trip when they couldn't find the car keys.

ZH: 我正要睡觉的时候，听到了一个巨大的响声。
EN: I was about to go to sleep when I heard a loud noise.

ZH: 他刚正要拍照，手机的电池没电了。
EN: He was just about to take a photo when his phone battery died.

ZH: 我们正要去购物，发现钱包不见了。
EN: We were about to go shopping when we realized the wallet was missing.

ZH: 他刚正要上台演讲，突然忘了台词。
EN: He was just about to go on stage for his speech when he suddenly forgot his lines.

ZH: 我们正要去看电影，天气突然变得很糟糕。
EN: We were about to go see a movie when the weather suddenly turned bad.

ZH: 他刚正要打开门，发现门锁被堵住了。
EN: He was just about to open the door when he realized the lock was jammed.

ZH: 我正要开车出门，突然想起忘了带钥匙。
EN: I was about to drive away when I suddenly remembered I forgot to bring the keys.

ZH: 他们正要开始练习，却发现乐器坏了。
EN: They were about to start practicing when they realized the instrument was broken.
