ZH: 他一开始只是随便乱画，结果歪打正着成了一幅真正的艺术作品。
EN: He was just doodling at first, but it turned out to be a real piece of art by accident.

ZH: 我们原本想去游乐场，但因为车坏了，去了动物园，这真是歪打正着。
EN: We were planning to go to the amusement park, but because the car broke down, we went to the zoo instead, it was a stroke of luck.

ZH: 他本来打算做饺子，结果面团搓肿了，做成了汤圆，真是歪打正着。
EN: He was going to make dumplings, but the dough got too sticky, so he made tangyuan instead, it was a happy accident.

ZH: 虽然在比赛中犯了错，但由于对方也出了问题，我们今天歪打正着，赢了比赛。
EN: Even though we made mistakes during the game, the other team had some issues as well, so we ended up winning, it was a fortunate turn of events.

ZH: 昨天我迷路了，结果碰巧遇到了老朋友，真是歪打正着的相遇。
EN: I got lost yesterday, but fortunately ran into an old friend, it was a serendipitous encounter.

ZH: 她去参加试镜，结果不小心撞倒了导演，却因此歪打正着地得到了主演的机会。
EN: She went for an audition and accidentally knocked over the director, but it ended up leading to her getting the lead role, it was a lucky break.

ZH: 小明本来准备做番茄炒蛋，但发现没有鸡蛋了，试了一下番茄土豆炒饭，歪打正着口味又好看。
EN: Xiao Ming was planning to make tomato and egg stir-fry, but he realized there were no eggs left, so he tried making tomato and potato fried rice instead, it turned out delicious and colorful.

ZH: 她只是随便游荡在街上，却不小心成了一场抗议示威的头号见证人，真是歪打正着。
EN: She was just wandering the streets aimlessly, but accidentally became the main witness of a protest, it was an unexpected turn of events.

ZH: 那位作家本来只是在咖啡馆随便写写，结果被一位出版商看到，这真是歪打正着的机会。
EN: The writer was just casually writing at a coffee shop, but was noticed by a publisher, it was a fortuitous opportunity.

ZH: 我的蛋糕本来准备放草莓装饰，但切了一半才发现没有草莓了，于是歪打正着地用巧克力代替装饰，效果意外的好。
EN: I was planning to decorate my cake with strawberries, but realized halfway through that I had none left, so I improvised with chocolate instead, the result was surprisingly good.

ZH: 我不小心迟到了，结果错过了会议，却因为这个原因碰巧在电梯里遇到了未来的合作伙伴，真是歪打正着。
EN: I accidentally arrived late and missed the meeting, but because of this, I coincidentally met a potential future partner in the elevator, it was a lucky coincidence.

ZH: 小明原本想去图书馆，但由于天气太热，决定去游泳，结果在游泳池认识了一个新朋友，真是歪打正着。
EN: Xiao Ming was planning to go to the library, but due to the hot weather, he decided to go swimming instead and ended up meeting a new friend at the pool, it was a stroke of luck.

ZH: 我们原本准备看电影，但因为票卖完了，只好随便去逛街，却碰巧看到了一家特别有趣的展览，真是歪打正着。
EN: We were going to watch a movie, but the tickets were sold out, so we decided to stroll around randomly and happened to stumble upon a very interesting exhibition, it was a fortunate coincidence.

ZH: 她原本迟到到了排队的造型师，结果排到上一个人做完后，由于急事的原因，第一个坐到造型师椅上，结果原本预约成功，真是歪打正着。
EN: She was late for her appointment with the stylist and ended up being the first in line after the previous person was done, due to an urgent matter, it turned out to be a fortunate turn of events.

ZH: 这次活动原定地点不小心取消了，临时找了一家新的场地，谁知大家都觉得这里更适合，真是歪打正着。
EN: The original location for the event got canceled accidentally, so we had to find a new venue last minute, but surprisingly everyone thought this new place was more suitable, it was an unexpected stroke of luck.

ZH: 我们在家里搜寻时发现不小心把早餐奶撒了一地，后来清理时发现了隐蔽在桌下的小玩具，真是歪打正着。
EN: While searching at home, we accidentally spilled breakfast milk all over the floor, but when we were cleaning up, we found a hidden toy under the table, it was an unexpected discovery.

ZH: 在上车时不小心错过了朋友，结果让我在车站等到了一个认识已久但一直没有交谈的同事，真是歪打正着。
EN: I accidentally missed my friend when boarding the train, but ended up waiting at the station and having a conversation with a colleague I had known for a long time but never talked to, it was an unexpected encounter.

ZH: 爷爷原本想去干前院的活，后来扭到腰，卧床几天，恰巧那两天他常来探望的朋友也来照顾他，算是歪打正着了。
EN: Grandpa was planning to work in the front yard but ended up hurting his back, so he stayed in bed for a few days, coincidentally, those were the days his friends who often visited came to take care of him, it was a fortunate turn of events.

ZH: 孩子们原计划去游乐场，结果下雨了，只好去了室内游乐园，却发现玩得更开心，真是歪打正着。
EN: The children were planning to go to the amusement park, but it started raining, so they ended up going to an indoor playground instead and had even more fun, it was a lucky twist of fate.
