ZH: 他们的恋情看起来已经结束了，但现在好像死灰复燃了。
EN: Their romance seemed to have ended, but now it looks like it's rekindling.

ZH: 这个小镇曾经黯淡无光，但现在看来死灰复燃。
EN: This small town was once dreary, but now it appears to be coming back to life.

ZH: 虽然我们曾经分手了，但感觉我们之间的火焰又死灰复燃。
EN: Even though we broke up, it feels like the flame between us is rekindling.

ZH: 失败之后，他的斗志死灰复燃，更加坚定地追求成功。
EN: After failing, his fighting spirit rekindled, pursuing success even more firmly.

ZH: 他们之间的矛盾看似没有解决的余地，但突然死灰复燃，又开始争吵起来。
EN: The conflict between them seemed to have no room for resolution, but suddenly it rekindled, and they started arguing again.

ZH: 虽然她的梦想曾经破灭，但她的毅力死灰复燃，重新开始追逐。
EN: Even though her dream was shattered, her determination rekindled, starting to chase again.

ZH: 这个项目已经放弃了，但最近似乎死灰复燃，又有新的进展。
EN: This project had been abandoned, but recently it seemed to be rekindling, with new developments.

ZH: 镇上已经废弃了很久，但最近死灰复燃，重新有人居住。
EN: The town had been abandoned for a long time, but recently it rekindled, with people moving back in.

ZH: 尽管经过了许多挫折，他的热情依然死灰复燃，努力追求梦想。
EN: Despite many setbacks, his enthusiasm still rekindled, striving to pursue his dream.

ZH: 他们的友谊曾经陷入僵局，但最近死灰复燃，又变得亲密起来。
EN: Their friendship had hit a deadlock, but recently it rekindled, becoming intimate again.

ZH: 过去的伤痛一直困扰着她，但最近似乎死灰复燃，开始慢慢痊愈。
EN: Past traumas had been haunting her, but recently it rekindled, slowly starting to heal.

ZH: 虽然公司曾经濒临倒闭，但似乎死灰复燃，正在逐渐恢复生机。
EN: Although the company was on the verge of bankruptcy, it seems to be rekindling and slowly recovering.

ZH: 过去的误解已经破灭了他们的友谊，但最近死灰复燃，重新连结在一起。
EN: Past misunderstandings had shattered their friendship, but recently it rekindled, reconnecting them.

ZH: 他的创作灵感曾经干涸，但看来死灰复燃，又开始写作了。
EN: His creative inspiration had once dried up, but now it appears to be rekindling, starting to write again.

ZH: 这对夫妇之间的爱情已经熄灭，但是最近好像死灰复燃。
EN: The love between this couple had died out, but recently it seemed to be rekindling.

ZH: 尽管经历了很多困难，但他的信心依然死灰复燃，迎接未来挑战。
EN: Despite facing many difficulties, his confidence still rekindled, ready to face future challenges.

ZH: 过去的恶梦一直困扰着他，但最近好像死灰复燃，开始走出阴影。
EN: Past nightmares had been haunting him, but recently it's seems to be rekindling, starting to emerge from the shadows.

ZH: 虽然曾经处于低谷，但现在好像死灰复燃，正处于回升状态。
EN: Although it was once in a low ebb, now it appears to be rekindling and on the rise.

ZH: 他曾经因挫折而垂头丧气，但现在死灰复燃，重新振作起来。
EN: He had once been disheartened by setbacks, but now it rekindled, rallying again.

ZH: 过去的回忆一直困扰着他，但最近好像死灰复燃，重新开始生活。
EN: Past memories had been haunting him, but recently it seems to be rekindling, starting to live again.
