ZH: 他的一生辛勤工作，但一场意外使所有努力毁于一旦。
EN: He worked hard his whole life, but one accident destroyed all his efforts in an instant.

ZH: 这个城市经济发展迅速，但一场自然灾害使所有成果毁于一旦。
EN: This city's economy was booming, but one natural disaster destroyed all its achievements in an instant.

ZH: 她的事业一直很成功，但一次丑闻使她的声誉毁于一旦。
EN: Her career was very successful, but one scandal destroyed her reputation in an instant.

ZH: 这个公司曾经是行业的领头羊，但管理不善导致毁于一旦。
EN: This company was once a leader in the industry, but poor management led to its destruction in an instant.

ZH: 他们的恋情曾经很甜蜜，但一场误会使它毁于一旦。
EN: Their love was once very sweet, but one misunderstanding destroyed it in an instant.

ZH: 这栋古老建筑历经百年风雨，但一场火灾使其毁于一旦。
EN: This ancient building stood for a hundred years, but one fire destroyed it in an instant.

ZH: 这个计划经过多年筹备，但一场政策改变使其毁于一旦。
EN: This plan took years to prepare, but one policy change destroyed it in an instant.

ZH: 这幅名画价值连城，但一次抢劫使其毁于一旦。
EN: This masterpiece was invaluable, but one robbery destroyed it in an instant.

ZH: 这个人一直很有权势，但一次丑闻使其地位毁于一旦。
EN: This person was very powerful, but one scandal destroyed their status in an instant.

ZH: 这片森林是动物们的家园，但一场砍伐使其毁于一旦。
EN: This forest was home to many animals, but one logging operation destroyed it in an instant.

ZH: 这家企业曾经有很多员工，但一次经济危机使其毁于一旦。
EN: This company had many employees, but one economic crisis destroyed it in an instant.

ZH: 这个项目筹备多年，但一场公司合并使其毁于一旦。
EN: This project took years to prepare, but one company merger destroyed it in an instant.

ZH: 这个计划经过精心设计，但一场舆论风波使其毁于一旦。
EN: This plan was carefully designed, but one public opinion storm destroyed it in an instant.

ZH: 这组数据是宝贵的研究成果，但一次硬盘故障使其毁于一旦。
EN: This set of data was valuable research, but one hard drive failure destroyed it in an instant.

ZH: 这对夫妇结婚多年，但一次婚外情使家庭毁于一旦。
EN: This couple was married for many years, but one extramarital affair destroyed their family in an instant.

ZH: 这部电影的预算很庞大，但一场制作问题使其毁于一旦。
EN: This movie had a huge budget, but one production issue destroyed it in an instant.

ZH: 这个城市拥有悠久的历史，但一场地震使其建筑毁于一旦。
EN: This city had a long history, but one earthquake destroyed its buildings in an instant.

ZH: 这个国家一直保持中立，但一次恶意攻击使其毁于一旦。
EN: This country had always been neutral, but one malicious attack destroyed it in an instant.

ZH: 这次会议是历史性的，但一场突发事件使其毁于一旦。
EN: This meeting was historic, but one unexpected event destroyed it in an instant.
