ZH: 毕竟他是老板, 我只能按他的要求工作。
EN: After all, he is the boss, so I can only work according to his demands.

ZH: 你已经在这个城市工作了五年，毕竟你很熟悉这里的环境了。
EN: After all, you have been working in this city for five years, so you are very familiar with the surroundings.

ZH: 毕竟这是我第一次触电，所以我有点害怕。
EN: After all, this is my first time getting an electric shock, so I am a bit scared.

ZH: 这个决定对我们来说非常重要，毕竟它涉及到我们的未来。
EN: This decision is very important for us after all, as it involves our future.

ZH: 你已经养了这只猫十年，毕竟它已经成为你家庭的一员了。
EN: After all, you have raised this cat for ten years, so it has become a member of your family.

ZH: 这个工作虽然艰苦，但毕竟薪水很高。
EN: Although this job is tough, the salary is high after all.

ZH: 毕竟她是个孩子，我们应该更加耐心地教导她。
EN: After all, she is a child, and we should teach her with more patience.

ZH: 我们应该牢记他们的帮助，毕竟他们是我们的恩人。
EN: We should remember their help after all, as they are our benefactors.

ZH: 毕竟这是一项具有挑战性的任务，我们必须做好充分的准备。
EN: After all, this is a challenging task, and we must be adequately prepared.

ZH: 尽管他犯了错，但毕竟他是我的朋友，我会原谅他的。
EN: Although he made a mistake, he is my friend after all, so I will forgive him.

ZH: 毕竟他是一位专家，我们应该听取他的意见。
EN: After all, he is an expert, and we should listen to his opinions.

ZH: 毕竟他是一位父亲，为了孩子的将来，他必须做出一些牺牲。
EN: After all, he is a father, and for the sake of his children's future, he must make some sacrifices.

ZH: 毕竟这是对我们公司的一个重大机会，我们应该好好把握。
EN: After all, this is a significant opportunity for our company, and we should make the most of it.

ZH: 毕竟这个事情与我无关，所以我并没有感到特别兴奋。
EN: After all, this matter has nothing to do with me, so I didn't feel particularly excited.

ZH: 这个电影虽然口碑不佳，但是毕竟你拍摄了大部分时间和精力，还是很有成就感的。
EN: Although this movie received poor reviews, after all, you invested most of your time and energy into it, so you should feel a sense of accomplishment.

ZH: 尽管毕竟我们在不同的国家生活，但我们的友谊仍然很深厚。
EN: Although we live in different countries after all, our friendship is still strong.

ZH: 毕竟这是一个实力雄厚的公司，我们应该考虑加入他们。
EN: After all, this is a well-established company, so we should consider joining them.

ZH: 这部小说虽然略有缺点，但毕竟它是一部经典之作。
EN: Although this novel has some flaws after all, it is still a classic.

ZH: 毕竟你是这个项目的负责人，你应该负起责任。
EN: After all, you are in charge of this project, so you should take responsibility.

ZH: 尽管这个计划有一些问题，但毕竟它是一个很好的起点。
EN: Although this plan has some issues, after all, it is a good starting point.
