ZH: 他们雇了一支水军来为他们的产品在社交媒体上造势。
EN: They hired a water army to promote their products on social media.

ZH: 这些水军账号看起来很真实，但实际上都是被操纵的。
EN: These water army accounts look very real, but they are actually manipulated.

ZH: 他们使用水军来攻击竞争对手的声誉。
EN: They use water armies to attack the reputation of their competitors.

ZH: 据说这家公司组建了一支庞大的水军来操纵网上评论。
EN: It is said that this company has built a huge water army to manipulate online comments.

ZH: 他们通过水军在网上制造了一个虚假的舆论风向。
EN: They created a false public opinion online through a water army.

ZH: 这个政客雇用了水军来帮助他在网络上赢得选票。
EN: This politician hired a water army to help him win votes online.

ZH: 网站管理员发现了一群水军在进行刷票活动。
EN: Website administrators discovered a group of water armies engaging in vote rigging.

ZH: 这位明星被水军攻击，导致她的社交媒体账号被封禁。
EN: This celebrity was attacked by a water army, leading to her social media account being suspended.

ZH: 别人质疑他的成功是否都是通过水军炒作的。
EN: Others questioned whether his success was all hype from a water army.

ZH: 网上评论中充斥着水军留下的刷好评。
EN: Online reviews are filled with positive reviews left by water armies.

ZH: 据报道，某些政府部门也雇佣了水军来控制网络舆论。
EN: It has been reported that certain government departments also hire water armies to control online public opinion.

ZH: 开发者意识到他们的应用程序受到水军的恶意评价。
EN: Developers realized that their application was being targeted by malicious reviews from a water army.

ZH: 这些水军的目的是影响公众对某一事件的看法。
EN: The purpose of these water armies is to influence the public's perception of a certain event.

ZH: 水军是一种通过大量虚假账号来操纵网络舆论的手段。
EN: Water armies are a means of manipulating online public opinion through a large number of fake accounts.

ZH: 他们试图利用水军来掩盖产品质量的问题。
EN: They are trying to use a water army to cover up the quality issues of their products.

ZH: 一些公司被曝出使用水军来增加其在线销售。
EN: Some companies have been exposed for using water armies to boost their online sales.

ZH: 这位明星的粉丝团体被怀疑是一支由水军组成的团队。
EN: This celebrity's fan base is suspected to be a team made up of water armies.

ZH: 某些政治运动背后藏着大量的水军支持。
EN: Some political movements are backed by a large number of water army supporters.

ZH: 很多人开始质疑社交媒体上的热门话题是否是被水军操纵的。
EN: Many people are starting to question whether popular topics on social media are manipulated by water armies.

ZH: 这个话题在网上引发了激烈的讨论，有人指责利用水军制造了假舆论。
EN: This topic has sparked fierce debates online, with some accusing the use of water armies to create fake public opinion.
