ZH: 他跪在地上，求饶地哀求着宽恕他的过错。
EN: He knelt on the ground, begging for mercy and pleading for forgiveness for his mistake.

ZH: 在受到母亲的严厉训斥后，小明开始向她求饶。
EN: After receiving a stern scolding from his mother, Xiaoming started begging for mercy.

ZH: 求饶的声音充斥着整个房间，但他并没有得到任何宽恕。
EN: The begging for mercy filled the entire room, but he did not receive any forgiveness.

ZH: 他向敌人求饶，希望能够逃脱一场无法避免的战斗。
EN: He begged his enemies for mercy, hoping to escape an inevitable battle.

ZH: 在遭受了长时间的折磨后，他终于求饶了。
EN: After enduring long hours of torture, he finally begged for mercy.

ZH: 尽管他不断地求饶，他的敌人却冷酷地对待他。
EN: Despite his continuous begging for mercy, his enemies treated him cruelly.

ZH: 在沦陷面前，他只能向敌人求饶，希望自己能够幸免于难。
EN: In the face of defeat, he could only beg for mercy from the enemy, hoping to escape unharmed.

ZH: 面对即将到来的惩罚，他开始跪地求饶。
EN: Facing the imminent punishment, he began to kneel down and beg for mercy.

ZH: 孩子们在父母严厉惩罚后，纷纷求饶，保证再也不会犯同样的错误了。
EN: After the children were severely punished by their parents, they all begged for mercy, promising that they would never make the same mistake again.

ZH: 冷血的杀手对受害者的求饶毫不动容，一刀刀地结束了他们的生命。
EN: The cold-blooded killer was indifferent to the pleas for mercy from the victims, ending their lives one by one.

ZH: 他毫不犹豫地向警察求饶，希望能够避免被捕入狱。
EN: Without hesitation, he begged the police for mercy, hoping to avoid being arrested and imprisoned.

ZH: 面对死亡的威胁，他大声地求饶，希望能够得到一次挣脱的机会。
EN: Faced with the threat of death, he begged loudly for mercy, hoping to get a chance to escape.

ZH: 在经历了一场惨烈的战斗之后，儿子向父亲求饶，承诺再也不参与战争。
EN: After experiencing a brutal battle, the son begged his father for mercy, promising never to participate in wars again.

ZH: 面对即将到来的惩罚，他发出绝望的求饶声，希望能够得到一次宽恕的机会。
EN: Faced with the impending punishment, he let out desperate pleas for mercy, hoping to get a chance for forgiveness.

ZH: 他祈祷着，向上天不停地求饶，希望能够得到神的恩典。
EN: He prayed continuously, begging for mercy from the heavens, hoping to receive God's grace.

ZH: 面对母亲的愤怒，女儿开始求饶，承诺再也不故意惹她生气。
EN: Faced with her mother's anger, the daughter started begging for mercy, promising never to intentionally anger her again.

ZH: 惩罚的威胁使得他痛苦地开始求饶，许诺将终身悔过。
EN: The threat of punishment made him painfully start begging for mercy, promising a lifetime of repentance.

ZH: 在被囚禁多日后，他的求饶声变得越来越虚弱，几乎沦为哀求的呢喃声一般。
EN: After being imprisoned for several days, his pleas for mercy became weaker and almost reduced to murmurs of begging.

ZH: 被敌人抓获后，他向他们求饶，希望能够保住性命。
EN: After being captured by the enemy, he begged them for mercy, hoping to save his life.

ZH: 面对惩罚，他毫不犹豫地求饶，承诺做一名完全改过自新的人。
EN: Faced with punishment, he didn't hesitate to beg for mercy, promising to become a completely reformed person.
