ZH: 他在公司里付出了很多汗马功劳。
EN: He has made significant contributions in the company.

ZH: 这项成就离不开他的汗马功劳。
EN: This achievement wouldn't have been possible without his hard work.

ZH: 让我们一起为他的汗马功劳鼓掌！
EN: Let's give a round of applause for his hard work!

ZH: 她是团队里的一员，为团队的成功做出了汗马功劳。
EN: She is a member of the team and has contributed significantly to the team's success.

ZH: 这个项目的成功离不开他的汗马功劳。
EN: The success of this project owes much to his hard work.

ZH: 我感谢你为这个家庭所做的一切汗马功劳。
EN: I appreciate all the hard work you have done for this family.

ZH: 在这次比赛中，他为团队赢得了很多荣誉，实在有汗马功劳。
EN: In this competition, he has won a lot of honors for the team and deserves great credit.

ZH: 他在影视行业有着丰富的经验，是这部电影成功的汗马功劳。
EN: He has rich experience in the film industry and is a key contributor to the success of this movie.

ZH: 这座大桥的建设离不开工程师们的汗马功劳。
EN: The construction of this bridge owes much to the hard work of the engineers.

ZH: 他是这所学校的一名老师，为学生们的成绩取得做出了汗马功劳。
EN: He is a teacher at this school and has made significant contributions to the students' academic achievements.

ZH: 他常年奔波在工作岗位上，为家庭做出了很多汗马功劳。
EN: He works tirelessly at his job all year round and makes significant contributions to the family.

ZH: 老板在公司的成功中有着汗马功劳。
EN: The boss has played a key role in the success of the company.

ZH: 他勤奋工作、踏实肯干，是一个有汗马功劳的员工。
EN: He works diligently and steadfastly, and is a deserving employee.

ZH: 父母为孩子的成长发展付出了太多汗马功劳。
EN: Parents make great contributions to the growth and development of their children.

ZH: 这项发明的成功来自团队成员们的汗马功劳。
EN: The success of this invention is attributed to the hard work of the team members.

ZH: 她在做公益事业方面有着巨大的汗马功劳。
EN: She has made great contributions to public welfare.

ZH: 他为公司增加了不少收入，实在是有着汗马功劳。
EN: He has added a lot of revenue to the company and deserves great credit.

ZH: 她对这部电影的成功有着重要的汗马功劳。
EN: She has played a significant role in the success of this movie.

ZH: 这次活动的圆满成功得益于每位志愿者的汗马功劳。
EN: The successful completion of this event is thanks to the hard work of every volunteer.

ZH: 他为公司的进步作出了重要的贡献，是公司的汗马功劳之一。
EN: He has made important contributions to the company's progress and is one of the key contributors.
