ZH: 这个问题就没完没了，我们始终找不到解决办法。
EN: This issue just seems never-ending, we can never find a solution. 

ZH: 他的抱怨似乎没完没了，我都不知道该怎么劝他。
EN: His complaints seem endless, I don't know how to console him. 

ZH: 她总是一个劲地谈起她的前男友，简直没完没了。
EN: She always keeps talking about her ex-boyfriend, it's never-ending. 

ZH: 孩子们的吵闹似乎没有完全没有停下来的意思。
EN: The children's noise seems like it's never going to stop. 

ZH: 那个人对自己的失败总是念念不忘，整天叨叨没完没了。
EN: That person always dwells on their failures, endlessly talking about them. 

ZH: 这个工程的问题一直没有解决，就像没完没了一样。
EN: The issues with this project have never been resolved, it's like they are never-ending. 

ZH: 我的朋友总是问我为什么对上司不满，一直抱怨没完没了。
EN: My friend always asks me why I'm not happy with my boss, endlessly complaining. 

ZH: 这个课题的讨论就像是没完没了的旋律，永远不会停止。
EN: The discussion on this topic is like an endless melody, it will never stop. 

ZH: 我们的交流好像跑到了一个死胡同，就是没完没了。
EN: Our communication seems to have hit a dead end, it's just endless. 

ZH: 每次和她讨论这个问题都是一成不变的回答，真是没完没了。
EN: Every time I discuss this issue with her, it's the same old response, never-ending. 

ZH: 他的批评和责备就像一场没完没了的风暴，让人无法忍受。
EN: His criticism and blame is like an endless storm, unbearable. 

ZH: 这个家庭的矛盾好像永远没有完结，一直没完没了。
EN: The conflicts in this family seem to never end, always endless. 

ZH: 他总是纠缠在过去的错误中，拒绝往前看，简直没完没了。
EN: He always gets stuck in past mistakes, refusing to move forward, it's never-ending. 

ZH: 我们的争执似乎永无休止，就像没完没了的恶果。
EN: Our argument seems to have no end in sight, like the endless consequences. 

ZH: 她的无理取闹似乎永远没有终止的可能性，就像没完没了一样。
EN: Her unreasonable tantrums seem to never have the possibility of ending, just like it's endless. 

ZH: 每次和他谈论这个话题，我们的争吵就像是没完没了。
EN: Every time we discuss this topic, our arguments seem endless. 

ZH: 这个问题已经困扰了我们很久，就是没完没了。
EN: This issue has been bothering us for a long time, it just seems never-ending. 

ZH: 商讨这个决定的争论一直萦绕耳边，没完没了。
EN: The debate on this decision has been lingering on, endless. 

ZH: 我们相处的问题一直没有解决，就像没完没了一样。
EN: The issues between us have never been resolved, it's like they are never-ending.
