ZH: 我跟这家饭店很有沾亲带故，经常去吃饭。
EN: I have a close relationship with this restaurant, I often come here to eat.

ZH: 她在公司有很多沾亲带故的同事，工作起来更轻松。
EN: She has many close colleagues in the company, which makes work easier.

ZH: 他在这个社区已经住了十年，跟很多人都有沾亲带故。
EN: He has been living in this community for ten years and has close relationships with many people.

ZH: 她一直对这个城市有很深的感情，因为她在这里有很多沾亲带故的朋友。
EN: She has a deep affection for this city because she has many close friends here.

ZH: 他在这个行业已经干了十年，所以有很多沾亲带故的合作伙伴。
EN: He has been working in this industry for ten years, so he has many close business partners.

ZH: 这个小镇的居民彼此之间都有沾亲带故，互相照应。
EN: The residents of this small town have close relationships with each other and care for each other.

ZH: 这是一个小圈子，里面的人都有很多沾亲带故。
EN: This is a small circle, where people have many close relationships.

ZH: 在这个部门工作了多年，跟同事之间都有沾亲带故。
EN: After working in this department for many years, I have close relationships with my colleagues.

ZH: 我在这个村子长大，跟每个人都有沾亲带故的关系。
EN: I grew up in this village, so I have close relationships with everyone.

ZH: 在这个家庭聚会上，亲戚们都聊得很开心，他们之间都有沾亲带故。
EN: At this family gathering, relatives chat happily, as they all have close relationships.

ZH: 她在学校认识了很多好朋友，他们之间有很多沾亲带故的故事。
EN: She made many good friends at school, and they have many close stories between them.

ZH: 这个社团活动让我们认识了很多新朋友，彼此间都有沾亲带故。
EN: This club activity has introduced us to many new friends, and we have close relationships with each other.

ZH: 我们一起参加了这个志愿者项目，建立了沾亲带故的友情。
EN: We participated in this volunteer project together and built close friendships with each other.

ZH: 这个学习小组的成员经常互相帮助，因为他们之间有很多沾亲带故。
EN: Members of this study group often help each other because they have close relationships with each other.

ZH: 这个节日家人团聚，大家都很开心，因为彼此之间有很多沾亲带故的情感。
EN: During this holiday family reunion, everyone is happy because there are many close emotional connections.

ZH: 我们一起度过了很多美好时光，建立起了沾亲带故的友情。
EN: We have spent many good times together and formed close friendships.

ZH: 在这次旅行中，我们结识了很多新朋友，彼此之间有沾亲带故的感情。
EN: During this trip, we met many new friends and formed close emotional connections with each other.

ZH: 他来到这个小镇，很快就跟很多人建立了沾亲带故的关系。
EN: He came to this small town and quickly established close relationships with many people.

ZH: 我们一起组建了一个团队，大家之间很快就形成了沾亲带故的团结。
EN: We formed a team together and quickly formed close unity with each other.

ZH: 这个社区的居民在患难时团结一致，他们之间都有沾亲带故。
EN: The residents of this community are united in times of adversity, as they have close relationships with each other.
