ZH: 他没好好学习，考试不及格，活该！
EN: He didn't study well and failed the exam. He deserves it!

ZH: 她经常骗人，被别人不信任了，活该！
EN: She often lies and now no one trusts her. She deserves it!

ZH: 你总是拖延做事，项目没有成功，活该失败！
EN: You always procrastinate, and the project didn't succeed. You deserve the failure!

ZH: 他对别人撒谎，现在被人发现了，活该要受到惩罚！
EN: He lied to others and now he got caught. He deserves to be punished!

ZH: 她对别人恶语相向，现在被别人冷落了，活该孤单！
EN: She spoke harshly to others and now she's being ignored. She deserves to be lonely!

ZH: 你没有及时交作业，被老师批评了，活该受到惩罚！
EN: You didn't submit your assignment on time, and now you're being criticized. You deserve the punishment!

ZH: 他总是惹事生非，现在没人愿意和他一起工作，活该被孤立！
EN: He always causes trouble, and now nobody wants to work with him. He deserves to be isolated!

ZH: 她欺骗同事的信任，被解雇了，活该失业！
EN: She betrayed the trust of her colleagues and got fired. She deserves to be unemployed!

ZH: 你当初没有同意合作，现在生意失败了，活该亏本！
EN: You didn't agree to collaborate initially, and now the business has failed. You deserve the loss!

ZH: 他欺负弱者，现在被人打了，活该挨揍！
EN: He bullies the weak, and now he got beaten up. He deserves it!

ZH: 她对父母不孝顺，现在被父母责备了，活该受到训诫！
EN: She is not filial to her parents, and now she's being scolded. She deserves the reprimand!

ZH: 你总是懒散不努力，成绩不好，活该被淘汰！
EN: You're always lazy and not putting in efforts, and your grades are poor. You deserve to be eliminated!

ZH: 他不尊重老师，被警告了，活该受到惩戒！
EN: He doesn't respect the teacher and has been warned. He deserves the punishment!

ZH: 她不理睬朋友的劝告，现在遇到麻烦了，活该自食其果！
EN: She ignored her friend's advice, and now she's in trouble. She deserves the consequences!

ZH: 你总是说别人的坏话，现在被人指责了，活该被批评！
EN: You always speak ill of others, and now you're being criticized. You deserve it!

ZH: 他没尊重客户，生意失败了，活该破产！
EN: He didn't respect the clients, and now the business has failed. He deserves to go bankrupt!

ZH: 她总是借钱不还，现在没有人再借给她，活该没有朋友！
EN: She always borrows money and never returns it, and now nobody will lend her anymore. She deserves to have no friends!

ZH: 你欺负弱小动物，现在被咬了，活该受伤！
EN: You bully small animals, and now you got bitten. You deserve to be hurt!

ZH: 他总是拿他人的东西不归还，现在被盗了，活该被偷！
EN: He always takes things from others and doesn't return them, and now he got stolen from. He deserves it!

ZH: 她对待别人不友善，现在没人愿意帮助她，活该孤立！
EN: She treats others unkindly, and now nobody is willing to help her. She deserves to be isolated!
