ZH: 我们公司在巴黎派驻了一支专业的销售团队。
EN: Our company has stationed a professional sales team in Paris.

ZH: 这个项目需要派驻工程师到现场监督施工。
EN: This project requires engineers to be stationed on site to supervise construction.

ZH: 他被派驻到香港总部工作了一年。
EN: He was stationed at the Hong Kong headquarters for a year.

ZH: 公安局在该地区派驻了一支特别行动组。
EN: The public security bureau has stationed a special task force in that area.

ZH: 我们决定派驻一位代表参加这次会议。
EN: We have decided to station a representative to attend this meeting.

ZH: 这家银行在上海派驻了一个国际金融团队。
EN: This bank has stationed an international finance team in Shanghai.

ZH: 他每个月要到不同的地方派驻工作。
EN: He has to station at different places for work every month.

ZH: 我们派驻了一支医疗队前往灾区救援。
EN: We dispatched a medical team to provide aid in the disaster-stricken area.

ZH: 新公司计划在西安派驻一个研发中心。
EN: The new company plans to station a research and development center in Xi'an.

ZH: 她被派驻到海外分公司工作了五年。
EN: She was stationed at the overseas branch for five years.

ZH: 联合国已经派驻了一支维和部队到冲突地区。
EN: The United Nations has dispatched a peacekeeping force to the conflict zone.

ZH: 我们正在考虑派驻一个团队到这个国家开展合作项目。
EN: We are considering stationing a team in this country to carry out collaborative projects.

ZH: 该组织派驻了一名监督员来监督选举过程。
EN: The organization stationed a supervisor to oversee the election process.

ZH: 公司计划在欧洲派驻一个高级管理团队。
EN: The company plans to station a senior management team in Europe.

ZH: 这个地区派驻了一支紧急救援队伍。
EN: An emergency rescue team has been stationed in this region.

ZH: 美国政府已经派驻了一支军事特遣部队到中东地区。
EN: The US government has already deployed a military special forces unit to the Middle East region.

ZH: 这个省委派驻工作组到县委监督工作。
EN: The provincial party committee dispatched a work team to supervise the county party committee.

ZH: 她被派驻到北京的外企工作了三年。
EN: She was stationed at a foreign company in Beijing for three years.

ZH: 他们计划派驻一个专业团队来处理这起特殊案件。
EN: They plan to station a professional team to handle this special case.

ZH: 这家公司在全球各地派驻了销售代表。
EN: This company has stationed sales representatives around the world.
