ZH: 这个明星已经决定淡出娱乐圈了。
EN: This celebrity has decided to fade out of the entertainment industry.

ZH: 她决定淡出社交媒体，专心学习。
EN: She has decided to withdraw from social media and focus on studying.

ZH: 这部电影的票房不好，很可能会淡出影院。
EN: This movie has a poor box office performance and is likely to fade out of theaters.

ZH: 他曾经是音乐界的巨星，但现在已经开始淡出。
EN: He used to be a superstar in the music industry, but now he is starting to fade out.

ZH: 她对比赛失去兴趣，已经在计划淡出职业比赛。
EN: She has lost interest in the competition and is planning to withdraw from professional sports.

ZH: 这个团队在市场上已经淡出人们的视线。
EN: This team has faded out of people's sight in the market.

ZH: 他的声音逐渐淡出，听不清楚他在说什么。
EN: His voice is fading out gradually, and it's difficult to hear what he's saying.

ZH: 这个品牌在市场上的影响力已经逐渐淡出。
EN: The influence of this brand in the market has gradually faded out.

ZH: 这本书以后可能会淡出书店的货架。
EN: This book may fade out of the shelves in the bookstore in the future.

ZH: 这位演员淡出演艺圈后，选择了平凡的生活。
EN: After the actor faded out of the entertainment industry, he chose an ordinary life.

ZH: 这个流行乐队正在逐渐淡出音乐界。
EN: This popular band is gradually fading out of the music industry.

ZH: 这条法案在议会上的支持逐渐淡出。
EN: The support for this bill in the parliament is gradually fading out.

ZH: 他的创作灵感已经逐渐淡出，无法再写出好作品。
EN: His creative inspiration has gradually faded out, and he can no longer produce good works.

ZH: 这种服装风格已经开始淡出时尚界。
EN: This style of clothing has started to fade out in the fashion industry.

ZH: 这个创业项目的热度已经开始淡出。
EN: The popularity of this entrepreneurial project has started to fade out.

ZH: 这个话题在媒体上的关注度逐渐淡出。
EN: The attention to this topic in the media is gradually fading out.

ZH: 他的表演水平逐渐淡出观众的视线。
EN: His performance level is gradually fading out of the audience's sight.

ZH: 这个公司的业绩在市场上逐渐淡出。
EN: The performance of this company in the market is gradually fading out.

ZH: 这个景点曾经很热门，现在也开始淡出人们的记忆。
EN: This attraction used to be very popular, but now it is also starting to fade out of people's memory.

ZH: 这个老演员已经决定淡出银幕，享受退休生活。
EN: This elderly actor has decided to fade out of the screen and enjoy retirement life.
