ZH: 我以为这个电视是新的，没想到是个混帐的二手货。
EN: I thought this TV was new, but it turned out to be a shoddy second-hand one.

ZH: 不要听他的话，他总是说些混帐的笑话。
EN: Don't listen to him, he always tells silly jokes.

ZH: 别再拿那个混帐东西了，它已经坏了。
EN: Stop using that useless thing, it's already broken.

ZH: 这里的服务真是混帐，完全没有效率。
EN: The service here is really messed up, it's completely inefficient.

ZH: 我不想再和混帐的人打交道了，太麻烦了。
EN: I don't want to deal with stupid people anymore, it's too bothersome.

ZH: 这家餐馆的服务员实在是太混帐了，连点菜都不会。
EN: The waiters in this restaurant are really incompetent, they don't even know how to take orders.

ZH: 那个所谓的专家给出的建议真是混帐，一点用都没有。
EN: The advice given by that so-called expert is utterly useless, it's of no use at all.

ZH: 这个公司的管理层太混帐了，根本不知道如何运作。
EN: The management of this company is so clueless, they have no idea how to run things.

ZH: 这份合同中的条款实在是太混帐了，一点也不公平。
EN: The terms in this contract are really messed up, they are completely unfair.

ZH: 别再和那个混帐男人见面了，他不值得你浪费时间。
EN: Stop meeting that stupid man, he's not worth your time.

ZH: 这个机器的设计简直是混帐，完全没有效率。
EN: The design of this machine is simply messed up, it's completely inefficient.

ZH: 这个人的举止实在太混帐了，毫无教养。
EN: The behavior of this person is really stupid, they have no manners at all.

ZH: 他总是做一些混帐的事情，从来不考虑后果。
EN: He always does stupid things without considering the consequences.

ZH: 这个产品的质量太混帐了，简直是一分价钱一分货。
EN: The quality of this product is really shoddy, you get what you pay for.

ZH: 这个计划根本就没有可行性，简直是混帐的。
EN: This plan is completely unfeasible, it's just stupid.

ZH: 每天都要面对这些混帐问题，真是令人烦恼。
EN: Having to deal with these stupid problems every day is really annoying.

ZH: 别再听那个混帐政客的话了，他只会说些无聊的废话。
EN: Stop listening to the nonsense of that stupid politician, he only speaks boring rubbish.

ZH: 我今天真是倒霉透顶了，和一些混帐人发生了争执。
EN: I've had the worst luck today, I got into an argument with some stupid people.

ZH: 他们给出的解决方案实在是太混帐了，在实际操作中一点用都没有。
EN: The solution they provided is really messed up, it's of no use in practical implementation.

ZH: 这个人真是太混帐了，重复同样的错误一次又一次。
EN: This person is really stupid, they keep making the same mistake over and over again.
