ZH: 他是个滑头，经常从事一些不光彩的勾当。
EN: He is a cunning person and often engages in unethical activities.

ZH: 这个商人是个滑头，经常骗人的钱。
EN: This businessman is a slickster who often cheats people out of their money.

ZH: 不要相信他，他是个滑头，总是说一套做一套。
EN: Don't trust him, he is a crafty person who always says one thing and does another.

ZH: 这个政客是个滑头，总是为了个人利益而不顾他人的困境。
EN: This politician is a shifty character, always disregarding others' difficulties for personal gain.

ZH: 他是个滑头，经常利用别人的善良心态来达到自己的目的。
EN: He is a cunning person who often exploits others' kindness to achieve his own goals.

ZH: 这个公司的老板是个滑头，经常做一些不光彩的交易。
EN: The boss of this company is a slickster who often engages in shady deals.

ZH: 学生会主席是个滑头，常常玩弄权力来欺压其他同学。
EN: The president of the student union is a crafty person, often abusing his power to bully other students.

ZH: 这个销售人员是个滑头，总是欺骗客户以获取更多的利益。
EN: This salesperson is a shifty character who always deceives customers to gain more profit.

ZH: 那个律师是个滑头，总是利用法律漏洞来获得自己的益处。
EN: That lawyer is a cunning person who always exploits legal loopholes for his own benefit.

ZH: 不要找他帮忙，他是个滑头，会让你陷入困境。
EN: Don't ask him for help, he is a slickster who will put you in trouble.

ZH: 这个朋友是个滑头，总是故意为难我。
EN: This friend is a crafty person who always deliberately makes things difficult for me.

ZH: 同事之间不要掉以轻心，有些人是滑头，会背后捅你一刀。
EN: Don't be complacent among colleagues, some people are shifty characters who will stab you in the back.

ZH: 这个老板很滑头，总是说谎骗员工。
EN: This boss is very cunning, always lying and deceiving the employees.

ZH: 警察逮捕了那个滑头，终于给他应得的惩罚。
EN: The police arrested that slickster and finally gave him the punishment he deserved.

ZH: 我不相信他，他是个滑头，总是给我一种不安的感觉。
EN: I don't trust him, he is a crafty person who always gives me an uneasy feeling.

ZH: 他那个滑头的外表可以迷惑很多人，不过我不会上当。
EN: His slickster appearance can deceive many people, but I won't be fooled.

ZH: 这家公司的老板是个滑头，总是从员工的努力中获取更多的利润。
EN: The boss of this company is a shifty character who always profits from the hard work of the employees.

ZH: 不要跟他合作，他是个滑头，总是把别人的成就归功于自己。
EN: Don't cooperate with him, he is a cunning person who always takes credit for others' achievements.

ZH: 这个销售代表是个滑头，总是用虚假的承诺来骗取订单。
EN: This sales representative is a slickster who always deceives orders with false promises.

ZH: 别跟他争论，他是个滑头，总是能找到借口蒙混过关。
EN: Don't argue with him, he is a crafty person who always finds excuses to get away with it.
