ZH: 昨天我滞留在机场，因为我的飞机延误了。
EN: I was stranded at the airport yesterday because my flight was delayed.

ZH: 他错过了最后一班公交车，被迫滞留在市中心。
EN: He missed the last bus and was forced to stay stranded in the city center.

ZH: 外国游客因签证问题而滞留在中国。
EN: Foreign tourists were stranded in China due to visa issues.

ZH: 这位旅客因为恶劣天气无法起飞而滞留在酒店。
EN: The passenger was stranded in the hotel because the bad weather prevented takeoff.

ZH: 我在海边滞留了两个小时，享受着美丽的日落景色。
EN: I stayed stranded at the beach for two hours, enjoying the beautiful sunset view.

ZH: 他滞留在医院等待手术。
EN: He stayed stranded in the hospital waiting for surgery.

ZH: 我的亲戚滞留在国外，无法回国。
EN: My relatives are stranded abroad and unable to return home.

ZH: 他的护照过期了，导致他滞留在境外。
EN: His passport expired, causing him to be stranded overseas.

ZH: 大雪导致数百名车辆滞留在公路上。
EN: Heavy snowfall caused hundreds of vehicles to be stranded on the road.

ZH: 因为交通事故，我们滞留在堵车中超过两小时。
EN: We were stranded in traffic for over two hours due to a car accident.

ZH: 学生们滞留在学校图书馆里复习功课。
EN: The students stayed stranded in the school library to review their lessons.

ZH: 春节期间，很多人滞留在火车站，等待回家的车票。
EN: During the Spring Festival, many people were stranded at the train station waiting for their tickets home.

ZH: 这位旅客因为拿错了行李而滞留在机场。
EN: The passenger stayed stranded at the airport because he picked up the wrong luggage.

ZH: 他们滞留在一个偏远的小镇，等待修好的车辆。
EN: They were stranded in a remote town, waiting for the repaired vehicle.

ZH: 我们滞留在山顶上，等待天气好转。
EN: We stayed stranded on the mountaintop, waiting for the weather to improve.

ZH: 恶劣的海浪导致渔船滞留在海上。
EN: The rough sea waves caused the fishing boat to be stranded at sea.

ZH: 他的飞机航班被取消，他只能滞留在机场过夜。
EN: His flight was canceled, and he had to be stranded at the airport overnight.

ZH: 由于工作问题，我不得不滞留在外地一个月。
EN: I had to be stranded in another city for a month due to work.

ZH: 高峰期，许多人滞留在地铁站等待乘车。
EN: During rush hour, many people were stranded at the subway station waiting for their ride.

ZH: 由于签证问题，他们滞留在大使馆超过一周。
EN: They stayed stranded at the embassy for over a week due to visa issues.
