ZH: 我今天早上迟到了，老板看到我就火大。
EN: I was late this morning and my boss got really angry when he saw me.

ZH: 我刚刚看到这个新闻，真的是让人火大。
EN: I just read this news, it really makes me furious.

ZH: 这家餐馆的服务太差了，我火大得想投诉。
EN: The service at this restaurant is terrible, it makes me so mad that I want to complain.

ZH: 这个包裹本来昨天就该送达了，我现在火大得不行。
EN: This package was supposed to be delivered yesterday, I'm really furious now.

ZH: 看到那个人欺负弱者，我火大得不能忍受。
EN: I can't stand seeing someone bullying the weak, it makes me really angry.

ZH: 他连续几天迟到了，老师对他火大了。
EN: He has been late for several days in a row, the teacher is furious with him.

ZH: 天气太热了，我火大得想去海边度假。
EN: The weather is so hot, it makes me so angry that I want to go on a vacation to the beach.

ZH: 他的态度真是让人火大，一点都不尊重别人。
EN: His attitude is really infuriating, he has no respect for others at all.

ZH: 这个电视剧的剧情越来越烂，看得我火大。
EN: The plot of this TV drama is getting worse and worse, it makes me really angry.

ZH: 刚看了一条错误的新闻报道，我火大得想给媒体打电话投诉。
EN: I just read a misleading news report, I'm so furious that I want to call the media to complain.

ZH: 他一直拖延交作业，让老师火大了。
EN: He has been procrastinating on his assignments, which made the teacher furious.

ZH: 看到他对动物虐待，我火大得要站出来保护它们。
EN: Seeing him abuse animals, it makes me so angry that I want to stand up and protect them.

ZH: 遇到了交通堵塞，我火大得要大喊大叫。
EN: Encountering a traffic jam, it makes me so angry that I want to shout and yell.

ZH: 这个服务员的态度让我火大，完全没有礼貌。
EN: The attitude of this waiter makes me furious, completely rude.

ZH: 听到他的冷嘲热讽，我火大得差点失控。
EN: Hearing his sarcastic remarks, I got so angry that I almost lost control.

ZH: 别人的无理取闹真是让我火大。
EN: Other people's unreasonable trouble-making really makes me angry.

ZH: 遇到了这么多挫折，我火大得要崩溃了。
EN: Faced with so many setbacks, I'm so furious that I'm about to collapse.

ZH: 老板因为错误的决策让很多员工火大。
EN: The boss made many employees furious because of his wrong decision.

ZH: 刚收到银行的信，发现被收取了额外的费用，我火大得要去银行投诉。
EN: I just received a letter from the bank and discovered that I have been charged extra fees, I'm so angry that I want to complain to the bank.

ZH: 在公交车上被人撞了一下，我当时火大得差点发飙。
EN: I got bumped by someone on the bus and I was so angry that I almost lost my temper.
