ZH: 这场灾害给我们的家园带来了严重的破坏。
EN: This disaster brought serious damage to our homeland.

ZH: 雨水过多导致了山体滑坡，引发了一场灾难。
EN: Excessive rainfall caused a landslide, triggering a disaster.

ZH: 这起火灾造成了数十人受伤。
EN: This fire disaster caused dozens of people to be injured.

ZH: 牛群被暴风雪困在了高山之上，面临饥饿和灾难的威胁。
EN: The herd of cows was trapped on the top of the mountain due to a snowstorm, facing the threat of hunger and disaster.

ZH: 沙漠化是地球上的一场无法避免的环境灾难。
EN: Desertification is an unavoidable environmental disaster on Earth.

ZH: 城市的过度开发导致了许多环境灾难的发生。
EN: The overdevelopment of cities has led to the occurrence of many environmental disasters.

ZH: 这场干旱使许多农作物无法生长，造成了粮食供应的灾难。
EN: This drought has caused many crops to fail to grow, leading to a disaster in food supply.

ZH: 海啸席卷了整个海岸线，引发了一场大规模的人员伤亡灾难。
EN: The tsunami swept across the entire coastline, causing a large-scale disaster in casualties.

ZH: 冰雹的袭击给种植园带来了灾难性的影响。
EN: The attack of hail brought disastrous effects to the plantations.

ZH: 强烈的飓风造成了重大财产损失，这是一场经济上的灾难。
EN: The strong hurricane caused significant property damage, which is an economic disaster.

ZH: 树木砍伐过度导致了生态环境的灾难性破坏。
EN: The excessive deforestation has led to disastrous destruction of the ecological environment.

ZH: 营救工作人员正在救出被山洪困住的居民，这是一场人道主义灾难。
EN: Rescuers are saving residents trapped by flash floods, which is a humanitarian disaster.

ZH: 河流泛滥，导致许多村庄被淹没在水中，成为灾难现场。
EN: The river flooded, causing many villages to be submerged in water, becoming disaster areas.

ZH: 核泄漏引发了一场严重的辐射灾难。
EN: The nuclear leakage triggered a severe radiation disaster.

ZH: 干旱导致水源枯竭，这是一场灾难性的自然事件。
EN: Drought led to the drying up of water sources, which is a disastrous natural event.

ZH: 沙尘暴袭击，使城市陷入一场空气质量灾难。
EN: A sandstorm struck, plunging the city into an air quality disaster.

ZH: 他们正在抢救被地震掩埋的受伤者，这是一场人道主义灾难。
EN: They are rescuing the injured buried by the earthquake, which is a humanitarian disaster.

ZH: 市中心的疫情爆发导致了一场卫生灾难。
EN: The outbreak of the epidemic in the city center led to a health disaster.

ZH: 平原地区的洪水给当地居民带来了巨大的灾害。
EN: The floods in the plains brought great disaster to the local residents.

ZH: 过度的采矿会导致环境的灾难性破坏。
EN: Excessive mining can cause catastrophic environmental destruction.
