ZH: 他已经有了很长时间的烟瘾了。
EN: He has been addicted to smoking for a long time.

ZH: 她对戒掉烟瘾没有任何兴趣。
EN: She has no interest in quitting her smoking habit.

ZH: 我是在大学期间开始养成了烟瘾。
EN: I developed a smoking addiction during my university years.

ZH: 他每天都要抽一包烟，已经成了他的烟瘾了。
EN: He smokes a pack of cigarettes every day; it has become his vice.

ZH: 她的医生警告她，她的健康状况可能与她的烟瘾有关。
EN: Her doctor warned her that her health condition might be related to her smoking addiction.

ZH: 我实在受不了他的烟瘾了，所以决定跟他分手。
EN: I can't stand his smoking habit anymore, so I decided to break up with him.

ZH: 对那些想要戒掉烟瘾的人来说，戒烟是一个挑战。
EN: Quitting smoking is a challenge for those who want to overcome their smoking addiction.

ZH: 我试过很多方法帮助朋友戒掉烟瘾，但是没有一个成功的。
EN: I've tried many methods to help my friend quit smoking, but none have been successful.

ZH: 我年轻的时候曾经有过烟瘾，但很幸运地成功戒掉了。
EN: I used to have a smoking addiction when I was young, but luckily I managed to quit.

ZH: 他的烟瘾已经严重到影响了他的工作。
EN: His smoking addiction has become so severe that it is affecting his work.

ZH: 她知道烟瘾对身体的危害，但是无法摆脱它。
EN: She knows the dangers of smoking addiction, but she can't get rid of it.

ZH: 许多人开始吸烟只是为了满足好奇心，但最终发展成了烟瘾。
EN: Many people start smoking out of curiosity, but it eventually develops into an addiction.

ZH: 我已经戒烟两个月了，终于摆脱了烟瘾。
EN: I have been smoke-free for two months and finally got rid of the smoking addiction.

ZH: 烟瘾会引发许多健康问题，如呼吸系统疾病和心脏病。
EN: Smoking addiction can lead to many health problems, such as respiratory diseases and heart disease.

ZH: 他下定决心戒掉烟瘾，以改善自己的健康状况。
EN: He made up his mind to quit smoking addiction in order to improve his health condition.

ZH: 我父亲的烟瘾严重到需要用戒烟药物来帮助。
EN: My father's smoking addiction is so severe that he needs medication to help him quit.

ZH: 他的医生警告他，如果不戒掉烟瘾，会影响他的寿命。
EN: His doctor warned him that if he didn't quit smoking addiction, it would affect his lifespan.

ZH: 烟瘾不仅对个人健康有害，而且对环境也造成污染。
EN: Smoking addiction is not only harmful to personal health but also pollutes the environment.

ZH: 我仍然对烟瘾有些依赖，尽管已经尽力戒掉了。
EN: I still have some dependency on smoking addiction, even though I have tried my best to quit.

ZH: 她用戒烟贴片帮助她抑制烟瘾。
EN: She used nicotine patches to help suppress her smoking addiction.
