ZH: 昨天晚上，一场大火烧毁了我的房子。
EN: Last night, a fire destroyed my house.

ZH: 这个工厂发生了火灾，将大量的设备烧毁。
EN: The factory caught fire, burning a large amount of equipment.

ZH: 火势蔓延得太快，无法阻止它烧毁整个建筑。
EN: The fire spread too quickly, preventing us from stopping it from burning down the entire building.

ZH: 在战争中，许多村庄被敌军烧毁。
EN: Many villages were burned down by the enemy during the war.

ZH: 糊涂的小孩将一本书烧毁了，因为想知道火会是什么样的。
EN: The confused child burned a book because he wanted to see what fire looked like.

ZH: 恶意纵火犯烧毁了这个历史悠久的建筑。
EN: The arsonist deliberately burned down this historically significant building.

ZH: 战争会烧毁人们的家园，破坏他们的生活。
EN: War can destroy people's homes and disrupt their lives.

ZH: 这次火灾几乎烧毁了整个森林。
EN: This fire nearly burned down the entire forest.

ZH: 塑料容器不可直接烧毁，否则会产生有毒气体。
EN: Plastic containers cannot be directly burned, as they release toxic gases.

ZH: 扔垃圾时，不应该将有害物质烧毁，要进行妥善处理。
EN: When disposing of trash, harmful substances should not be burned, but properly handled.

ZH: 这座古老的庙宇在一场大火中被烧毁了。
EN: This ancient temple was burned down in a massive fire.

ZH: 营地的帐篷都被闯入者烧毁了。
EN: The tents in the camp were burned down by intruders.

ZH: 那个疯狂的人烧毁了自己的车，以显示对政府的不满。
EN: The crazy man burned his own car to demonstrate his dissatisfaction with the government.

ZH: 这次凶猛的森林火灾烧毁了数千英亩的土地。
EN: This fierce forest fire burned thousands of acres of land.

ZH: 纸张在高温下很容易燃烧，所以不能轻易烧毁。
EN: Paper can easily catch fire at high temperatures, so it should not be burned carelessly.

ZH: 那场火灾导致了巨大的财产损失，将许多家庭的财产烧毁。
EN: The fire caused massive property damage, burning down the belongings of many families.

ZH: 为了销毁机密文件，公司决定将它们烧毁。
EN: To destroy confidential documents, the company decided to burn them.

ZH: 恶劣的天气条件使得灾区内的房屋被大火烧毁。
EN: The harsh weather conditions caused the houses in the disaster area to be burned down.

ZH: 这个建筑师設計的建筑物被一场可怕的火灾彻底烧毁了。
EN: The building designed by this architect was completely burned down in a dreadful fire.

ZH: 篝火能为我们提供温暖，但如果不小心，也可以烧毁周围的物体。
EN: Campfires can provide warmth, but if not handled carefully, they can also burn surrounding objects.
