ZH: 熄灯时间到了，请大家注意。
EN: It's time to turn off the lights, everyone please pay attention.

ZH: 晚上熄灯后，静谧的夜晚才会降临。
EN: After turning off the lights at night, a peaceful night will come.

ZH: 每晚十点是我们的熄灯时间。
EN: Ten o'clock every night is our lights off time.

ZH: 不要忘记熄灯后关闭电视和电脑。
EN: Don't forget to turn off the TV and computer after turning off the lights.

ZH: 为了节约能源，我们要专注于定时熄灯。
EN: In order to save energy, we need to focus on turning off the lights at a set time.

ZH: 孩子们已经熄灯睡觉了，请轻点脚步。
EN: The children have turned off the lights and gone to bed, please walk lightly.

ZH: 睡前半小时，熄灯会有助于睡眠质量的提高。
EN: Turning off the lights half an hour before sleeping can improve the quality of sleep.

ZH: 在影院里，请在电影开始前熄灯。
EN: In the cinema, please turn off the lights before the movie starts.

ZH: 我的孩子总是忘记熄灯，我必须一遍又一遍地提醒他。
EN: My child always forgets to turn off the lights, I have to remind him over and over again.

ZH: 熄灯后，黑暗中弥漫着宁静的氛围。
EN: After turning off the lights, there is a peaceful atmosphere in the darkness.

ZH: 别忘了熄灯时也关掉暖气和空调。
EN: Don't forget to turn off the heater and air conditioner when turning off the lights.

ZH: 在夜间行驶时，请注意熄灯示意灯的使用。
EN: When driving at night, please pay attention to using the headlights and turning signals.

ZH: 在節約能源的社區中，政府鼓勵每天晚上11點熄灯。
EN: In an energy-saving community, the government encourages turning off the lights at 11 o'clock every night.

ZH: 最近，我开始注意每晚熄灯前关掉家中没有使用的电器。
EN: Lately, I've started paying attention to turning off unused appliances before turning off the lights every night.

ZH: 我家的电灯可以通过手机APP进行远程熄灭。
EN: The lights in my house can be turned off remotely through a mobile app.

ZH: 别忘了熄灯前检查门窗是否关好，以免漏风。
EN: Don't forget to check if the doors and windows are closed before turning off the lights to prevent drafts.

ZH: 为了熄灯，我们开始使用节能灯泡。
EN: To turn off the lights, we started using energy-saving light bulbs.

ZH: 这个国家有严格的熄灯政策，以减少能源消耗。
EN: This country has strict lights-off policies to reduce energy consumption.

ZH: 睡觉前我必须亲自熄灭所有的灯。
EN: I have to personally turn off all the lights before going to bed.

ZH: 请记住，在外面要尽量避免在没有照明的地方，特别是在熄灯时。
EN: Please remember to avoid being in dark areas without lighting, especially during lights-off.
