ZH: 好久不见，物是人非，我们已经变了许多。
EN: Long time no see, things have changed a lot between us.

ZH: 事已物是人非，这个世界再也不是以前的那个了。
EN: The world has changed, things are different now.

ZH: 我们曾经是无话不谈的好友，可如今物是人非，再也找不到共同话题了。
EN: We used to be close friends who could talk about anything, but now things have changed and we can't find common ground.

ZH: 他们俩的感情经历很曲折，但最终还是物是人非了。
EN: Their relationship went through a lot, but in the end, things changed between them.

ZH: 随着时间的流逝，物是人非就是这样发生的。
EN: As time goes by, things change between people.

ZH: 曾经我们如胶似漆，可如今物是人非，我们变得陌生了。
EN: We were once close as glue, but now things have changed and we are strangers.

ZH: 这部电影讲述了一个爱人如命，可最终物是人非的故事。
EN: This movie tells a story of someone who loved with all their heart, but things changed in the end.

ZH: 曾经的梦想如今已物是人非，看来需要重新评估一下。
EN: Dreams that were once cherished have now changed, it looks like a reassessment is needed.

ZH: 他们曾是一对甜蜜恋人，可如今物是人非，分道扬镳。
EN: They used to be a sweet couple, but things have changed between them and they parted ways.

ZH: 对方曾是我的知心好友，如今物是人非，我们已经疏远。
EN: They used to be my trusted friend, but now things have changed and we have grown apart.

ZH: 这对情侣曾是鸳鸯双栖，可如今物是人非，彼此已经陌生。
EN: This couple used to be inseparable, but now things have changed and they are strangers to each other.

ZH: 曾今的计划已物是人非，需要思考新的方案。
EN: Plans that were once in place have changed, it's time to think of a new approach.

ZH: 老板曾经对我寄予厚望，可如今物是人非，我感到被替代了。
EN: The boss once had high hopes for me, but now things have changed and I feel replaced.

ZH: 要适应物是人非，就需要灵活变通。
EN: To adapt to changes, one must be flexible.

ZH: 她曾对他深情爱慕，可如今物是人非，已变成了无关人的旧事。
EN: She once loved him deeply, but now things have changed and it's become a thing of the past.

ZH: 他们曾是死党，可如今物是人非，相互之间已经没有联系。
EN: They were once close buddies, but now things have changed and they have lost touch.

ZH: 这个社区从建立到现在已经十年了，物是人非是必然的。
EN: This community has been around for ten years now, so it's natural that things have changed.

ZH: 随着年龄的增长，人会发现物是人非这种现象越来越普遍。
EN: As people grow older, they will find that changes are becoming more common.

ZH: 生活就是这样，总是物是人非，需要接受。
EN: Life is like that, always changing, it's something we have to accept.

ZH: 那段感情曾是我生命中最美好的经历，如今物是人非，只能回忆。
EN: That relationship was once the most beautiful experience in my life, but now things have changed and all I can do is reminisce.
