ZH: 电影插播了一段主人公的特写镜头。
EN: The movie inserted a close-up of the protagonist.

ZH: 摄影师用特写镜头捕捉了花朵的细节。
EN: The photographer captured the details of the flower with a close-up shot.

ZH: 她的婚礼视频中有一段特写镜头，展现了她的美丽笑容。
EN: There was a close-up shot in her wedding video, showing her beautiful smile.

ZH: 这幅画特写了一只可爱的小猫。
EN: This painting features a close-up of an adorable kitten.

ZH: 在新闻报道中，特写了火灾现场的疏散人群。
EN: In the news report, there was a close-up of the crowd evacuating the fire scene.

ZH: 这部纪录片用特写镜头展现了动物的生活。
EN: This documentary uses close-up shots to depict the lives of animals.

ZH: 摄影展上展示了很多美丽的特写作品。
EN: The photography exhibition showcased many beautiful close-up works.

ZH: 他的摄影作品中特写了许多人物的面部表情。
EN: His photography work features many close-ups of people's facial expressions.

ZH: 演员在镜头前露出了特写的表情。
EN: The actor made a close-up expression in front of the camera.

ZH: 这张照片特写了一对情侣紧紧拥抱在一起。
EN: This photo features a close-up of a couple embracing each other tightly.

ZH: 这本书插画用特写方式展现了动物的生活场景。
EN: The illustrations in this book depict the lives of animals in a close-up manner.

ZH: 摄影师用特写镜头拍摄了树叶上晶莹的露珠。
EN: The photographer used a close-up shot to capture the glistening dewdrops on the leaves.

ZH: 这张海报特写了一位名人的侧面照。
EN: This poster features a close-up profile of a celebrity.

ZH: 电视剧中用特写镜头展现了角色内心的矛盾。
EN: The TV drama used close-up shots to depict the inner conflicts of the characters.

ZH: 这幅画中特写了一只飞鸟的翅膀。
EN: This painting features a close-up of a bird's wing.

ZH: 摄影师用特写镜头拍摄了城市夜景的细节。
EN: The photographer captured the details of the city night scene with a close-up shot.

ZH: 这部纪录片用特写方式展现了动植物的生态圈。
EN: This documentary depicts the ecosystem of plants and animals in a close-up manner.

ZH: 电影中特写了女主角的眼神表情。
EN: The movie featured a close-up of the leading actress's eye expression.

ZH: 摄影师用特写镜头捕捉了户外运动的精彩瞬间。
EN: The photographer captured the exciting moments of outdoor sports with a close-up shot.

ZH: 这支音乐视频特写了歌手舞台上的表演。
EN: This music video featured a close-up of the singer's performance on stage.
