ZH: 这份报纸有一则特辑，介绍了当地艺术家的作品。
EN: This newspaper has a special feature introducing the works of local artists.

ZH: 最新一期的杂志有一篇特辑，讨论了环保问题。
EN: The latest issue of the magazine has a special feature discussing environmental issues.

ZH: 他们在电视上播出了一档特辑，讲述了一位著名作家的生平。
EN: They aired a special program on TV, telling the life story of a famous writer.

ZH: 这部纪录片的特辑中展示了独家幕后花絮。
EN: This documentary's special feature showcases exclusive behind-the-scenes footage.

ZH: 明天我们将发布一篇关于新产品的特辑。
EN: Tomorrow we will release a special feature on the new product.

ZH: 他们的网站上有一则特辑，介绍了他们的企业文化。
EN: Their website has a special feature introducing their corporate culture.

ZH: 这本书的最后一页有一则特辑，诠释了作者的写作理念。
EN: The last page of this book has a special feature explaining the author's writing philosophy.

ZH: 请你看一下这份杂志上的特辑，有很多关于健康饮食的建议。
EN: Please take a look at the special feature in this magazine, there are many tips on healthy eating.

ZH: 她的博客上有一篇关于自闭症患者的特辑，引起了很多关注。
EN: There is a special feature on her blog about autism patients that has attracted a lot of attention.

ZH: 这家电视台经常制作纪录片特辑，吸引了大量观众。
EN: This TV station often produces documentary specials that attract a large audience.

ZH: 他们正在进行一项关于城市发展的特辑报道。
EN: They are conducting a special feature report on urban development.

ZH: 你看过这个网站上的特辑吗？内容很有意思。
EN: Have you seen the special feature on this website? The content is very interesting.

ZH: 这部电影的DVD包含一些删除场景的特辑。
EN: The DVD of this movie includes a special feature with some deleted scenes.

ZH: 他们的社交媒体上有一则特辑，介绍了他们的产品创新过程。
EN: There is a special feature on their social media introducing their product innovation process.

ZH: 学校电视台制作了一则特辑，展示了学生们的助人活动。
EN: The school TV station produced a special feature showcasing the students' community service activities.

ZH: 这本杂志的封面故事是一则特辑，讨论了关于未来科技的话题。
EN: The cover story of this magazine is a special feature discussing topics on future technology.

ZH: 这个博客上的一则特辑讲述了作者的旅行经历。
EN: A special feature on this blog tells about the author's travel experiences.

ZH: 他们在电视上播放了一档特制音乐特辑，庆祝乐队的出道十周年。
EN: They aired a special music feature on TV to celebrate the band's tenth anniversary debut.

ZH: 请你看一下这期报纸里的特辑，介绍了一位教育家的生平事迹。
EN: Please take a look at the special feature in this newspaper, which introduces the life story of an educator. 

ZH: 这家公司发布了一则特辑，宣传他们的慈善活动。
EN: This company released a special feature to promote their charity activities.
