ZH: 这家公司和我们签订了独家合作协议。
EN: This company signed an exclusive cooperation agreement with us.

ZH: 这部电影的独家播放权被一家流媒体平台购买了。
EN: The exclusive streaming rights of this movie were purchased by a streaming platform.

ZH: 这个品牌与这位明星签署了独家代言合同。
EN: This brand signed an exclusive endorsement contract with this celebrity.

ZH: 这本小说的独家出版权属于这家出版社。
EN: The exclusive publishing rights of this novel belong to this publishing house.

ZH: 这个地区只有这家餐馆才有这种独家食物。
EN: This restaurant is the only one in this area that serves this exclusive dish.

ZH: 这个设计师和这家时装公司有独家的合作关系。
EN: This designer has an exclusive collaboration with this fashion company.

ZH: 这篇报道的独家采访是由该记者完成的。
EN: The exclusive interview of this report was conducted by this journalist.

ZH: 这位作家的新书已经被一家出版社买下了独家版权。
EN: The new book of this writer has already been bought with exclusive rights by a publishing house.

ZH: 这个项目的独家开发权属于这家房地产公司。
EN: The exclusive development rights of this project belong to this real estate company.

ZH: 这家店铺专门销售独家设计的家居用品。
EN: This store specializes in selling exclusive-designed home goods.

ZH: 这首歌曲的独家版权掌握在该唱片公司手中。
EN: The exclusive copyright of this song is held by this record company.

ZH: 这个程序员与这家科技公司签署了独家开发协议。
EN: This programmer signed an exclusive development agreement with this tech company.

ZH: 这位艺人的演出计划有一些独家节目。
EN: This artist's performance schedule includes some exclusive programs.

ZH: 这个国家只有这家公司生产这种独家商品。
EN: This country has only this company producing this exclusive product.

ZH: 这部电影的独家宣传活动将在本周展开。
EN: The exclusive promotional activities of this movie will kick off this week.

ZH: 这个网站有独家的新闻报道，吸引了大量读者。
EN: This website has exclusive news reports, attracting a large number of readers.

ZH: 这部剧的独家版权已经被一家电视台购买了。
EN: The exclusive rights of this drama have been bought by a TV station.

ZH: 这个项目的独家发行权归该公司所有。
EN: The exclusive distribution rights of this project belong to this company.

ZH: 这部电视剧的独家播出时间已经确定。
EN: The exclusive airing time of this TV drama has been confirmed.

ZH: 这位导演已经签署了一个独家拍摄协议。
EN: This director has already signed an exclusive shooting agreement.
