ZH: 这个公寓的卧室狭小而拥挤。
EN: The bedroom in this apartment is small and crowded.

ZH: 由于房间狭小，我们决定买一个更大的房子。
EN: Due to the small size of the room, we decided to buy a bigger house.

ZH: 这个办公室的空间非常狭小，只够一个人工作。
EN: The space in this office is extremely small, just enough for one person to work.

ZH: 在这个小型房屋中感觉有点狭小，但至少舒适。
EN: It feels a bit cramped in this small house, but at least it's cozy.

ZH: 这个电梯非常狭小，一次只能容纳两个人。
EN: This elevator is very narrow, it can only accommodate two people at a time.

ZH: 这个车间的面积很狭小，只能容纳少数工人。
EN: The workshop has a small area, it can only accommodate a few workers.

ZH: 这个小餐馆的空间非常狭小，只有几张桌子。
EN: The space in this small restaurant is extremely narrow, there are only a few tables.

ZH: 她的办公桌非常狭小，几乎没有足够的空间放置文件。
EN: Her desk is very small, there is hardly enough space to place the documents.

ZH: 我们只有一个狭小的客厅，所以很难在家里开派对。
EN: We only have a small living room, so it's difficult to throw parties at home.

ZH: 这辆小车的后备箱非常狭小，只够放一些小物品。
EN: The trunk of this car is very narrow, it can only fit some small items.

ZH: 这个小房间的窗户狭小，几乎没有光线进入。
EN: The window in this small room is narrow, hardly any light enters.

ZH: 他的工作空间狭小得只能容纳一个电脑和一把椅子。
EN: His workspace is so small that it can only accommodate a computer and a chair.

ZH: 这个公共浴室非常狭小，只有几个淋浴间。
EN: This public restroom is very cramped, there are only a few shower stalls.

ZH: 由于屋子太狭小，我们决定减少家具的数量。
EN: Due to the narrowness of the room, we decided to reduce the amount of furniture.

ZH: 这个卫生间太狭小了，感觉一点都不舒服。
EN: This restroom is too narrow, it doesn't feel comfortable at all.

ZH: 那辆小车的后排座位非常狭小，坐进去会感到拥挤。
EN: The back seats of that car are very small, sitting inside feels crowded.

ZH: 这个厨房狭小得几乎没有足够的存储空间。
EN: This kitchen is so small that there is hardly enough storage space.

ZH: 他住在一个狭小的公寓里面，但他觉得足够满意。
EN: He lives in a small apartment, but he feels satisfied with it.

ZH: 这个小巷太狭小了，只能容纳一个人通过。
EN: This narrow alley can only accommodate one person passing through.

ZH: 她的书房非常狭小，只够一个书桌和一把椅子。
EN: Her study room is very small, just enough for a desk and a chair.
