ZH: 他们应该率先行动，展示自己的领导能力。
EN: They should take the lead and demonstrate their leadership skills.

ZH: 在环保方面，这家公司率先推出了一系列的可持续发展措施。
EN: This company has taken the lead in introducing a series of sustainability measures in environmental protection.

ZH: 她率先加入了志愿者团队，帮助当地社区进行清洁活动。
EN: She took the lead in joining the volunteer team to help the local community with clean-up activities.

ZH: 这个国家率先实现了全面的数字化转型。
EN: This country has taken the lead in achieving comprehensive digital transformation.

ZH: 他总是能够率先解决问题，让人们对他的能力十分佩服。
EN: He always manages to take the lead in solving problems, earning admiration for his abilities.

ZH: 这个团队率先完成了所有的任务，赢得了比赛。
EN: This team took the lead in completing all tasks and won the competition.

ZH: 他率先发表了自己对于该议题的看法。
EN: He took the lead in expressing his views on the issue.

ZH: 这个学校率先实行了无纸化教学，取得了很好的效果。
EN: This school took the lead in implementing paperless teaching and achieved good results.

ZH: 她在比赛中率先冲过终点线，赢得了金牌。
EN: She took the lead in crossing the finish line in the race and won the gold medal.

ZH: 这个城市率先实施了垃圾分类制度，取得了很大的环保成效。
EN: This city took the lead in implementing a waste sorting system and achieved significant environmental benefits.

ZH: 他们率先创办了一家成功的初创企业。
EN: They took the lead in founding a successful start-up company.

ZH: 这位领导者率先提出了一系列改革方案，为公司带来了新的发展机遇。
EN: This leader took the lead in proposing a series of reform plans, bringing new opportunities for the company.

ZH: 即使面对困难，他也能率先找到解决问题的方法。
EN: Even in the face of difficulties, he can still take the lead in finding solutions to problems.

ZH: 这个团队成员率先站出来发言，表明自己对于该计划的支持。
EN: This team member took the lead in speaking out to express support for the plan.

ZH: 他们率先应用了新技术，提高了工作效率。
EN: They took the lead in applying new technologies, improving work efficiency.

ZH: 这家企业率先引入了全新的管理模式，取得了出色的业绩。
EN: This company took the lead in introducing a brand-new management model and achieved outstanding performance.

ZH: 他率先采取行动，帮助了需要帮助的人。
EN: He took the lead in taking action to help those in need.

ZH: 这一切都得益于该团队率先提出了创新方案。
EN: All of this is thanks to the team taking the lead in proposing innovative solutions.

ZH: 他率先向同事们示范了如何使用新设备。
EN: He took the lead in demonstrating to his colleagues how to use the new equipment.

ZH: 这位教练率先让运动员们进行了热身活动。
EN: This coach took the lead in having the athletes warm up.
