ZH: 你理应为自己的决定承担责任。
EN: You should take responsibility for your own decisions.

ZH: 他们理应受到惩罚，因为他们做了错误的选择。
EN: They deserve to be punished because they made the wrong choices.

ZH: 作为一个市民，我们理应为社区做出贡献。
EN: As citizens, we should contribute to the community.

ZH: 父母理应给予孩子关爱和关心。
EN: Parents ought to give their children love and care.

ZH: 这项工作的成功与否完全取决于你的努力，你理应好好利用这个机会。
EN: The success of this job completely depends on your efforts, so you should make good use of this opportunity.

ZH: 她理应得到更多的赞赏，因为她为公司付出了很多努力。
EN: She should receive more appreciation as she has put in a lot of effort for the company.

ZH: 学生们理应注重自己的学业。
EN: Students should focus on their studies.

ZH: 我们理应保护环境，保护动植物物种。
EN: We should protect the environment and preserve animal and plant species.

ZH: 汉语学习者理应努力提高他们的听力技巧。
EN: Chinese language learners should make efforts to improve their listening skills.

ZH: 这个项目能够获得成功，团队成员理应相互协作。
EN: This project can achieve success if team members collaborate with each other.

ZH: 你理应为自己的错误行为向他道歉。
EN: You should apologize to him for your wrong behavior.

ZH: 她理应被视为一个榜样，因为她努力工作并取得了很大成就。
EN: She should be seen as a role model because she works hard and has achieved great success.

ZH: 我们理应坚持自己的原则，并为正义而斗争。
EN: We should stick to our principles and fight for justice.

ZH: 杰克没有完成任务，所以他理应接受惩罚。
EN: Jack did not complete the task, so he should face the consequences.

ZH: 经理理应对员工的工作进行监督并提供必要的指导。
EN: Managers should supervise employees' work and provide necessary guidance.

ZH: 他理应获得这个奖项，因为他在这个领域表现出色。
EN: He deserves to win this award because he has performed exceptionally well in this field.

ZH: 在这个比赛中，最优秀的选手理应得到最高的荣誉。
EN: In this competition, the most outstanding players deserve the highest honors.

ZH: 她花费了很多时间和精力做这项工作，她理应得到公平的报酬。
EN: She has invested a lot of time and effort in this work, so she should receive fair compensation.

ZH: 我们的老人理应受到更好的照顾和尊重。
EN: Our elders should receive better care and respect.

ZH: 我们的社会理应为弱势群体提供更多的支持。
EN: Our society should provide more support for vulnerable groups.
