ZH:他从来都把别人的帮助当做是理所当然的。
EN: He always takes other people's help for granted.

ZH:孩子们理所当然地认为父母应该为他们提供一切。
EN: Children often naturally expect their parents to provide everything for them.

ZH:没有人能理所当然地享受成功，那是通过辛勤努力获得的。
EN: No one can enjoy success as a matter of course; it is achieved through hard work.

ZH:你没有理由理所当然地期待别人满足你的每一个要求。
EN: You have no reason to expect others to meet your every demand as a matter of course.

ZH:他非常不懂得感激，总是对别人的好心理所当然。
EN: He is very ungrateful and always takes other people's kindness for granted.

ZH:如果你认为他应该无条件支持你，那就太理所当然了。
EN: It's too much to assume that he should support you unconditionally.

ZH:这个时代的孩子们常常把亲情看作是理所当然的。
EN: Nowadays, children often take family ties for granted.

ZH:为什么你对他的好心理所当然，而对别人的帮助却心存感激？
EN: Why do you take his kindness for granted while feeling grateful for help from others?

ZH:长期过于得到关注和照顾，会让人产生理所当然的心态。
EN: Being excessively cared for and attended to for a long time can lead to a sense of entitlement.

ZH:一切不是理所当然的，感恩之心会让你珍惜所拥有的一切。
EN: Nothing is to be taken for granted; a sense of gratitude will make you cherish what you have.

ZH:在经济条件不好的时候，我们往往会觉得许多事情实在是理所当然的。
EN: When the economy is not good, we often feel that many things are just taken for granted.

ZH:那些富人往往理所当然地认为他们配享受一切豪华。
EN: The rich often feel entitled to enjoy all the luxuries without question.

ZH:很多人在年轻的时候都理所当然地以为自己会一直年轻。
EN: Many people in their youth take for granted that they will always remain young.

ZH:理所当然地认为任务会很轻松，实际上并不是这样。
EN: Assuming that the task will be easy as a matter of course, when in fact it is not.

ZH:我们不能理所当然地期望别人对待我们都是友善和亲切的。
EN: We cannot assume that others will treat us kindly and warmly as a matter of course.

ZH:有些人代码、知识和技能的掌握对他们来说是理所当然的。
EN: For some people, mastering coding, knowledge, and skills is a given.

ZH:我们不能理所当然地认为大自然会永远容忍人类的破坏。
EN: We cannot take for granted that nature will tolerate human destruction forever.

ZH:许多年轻人都理所当然地认为他们可以不付出努力而成功。
EN: Many young people mistakenly assume that they can succeed without putting in any effort.

ZH:我们不能理所当然地期待别人一直为我们提供帮助。
EN: We should not expect others to always provide us with assistance as a matter of course.

ZH:商家不能理所当然地期待顾客对他们的产品满意。
EN: Businesses should not expect customers to be satisfied with their products as a matter of course.
