ZH: 我宁愿甘心一辈子单身，也不愿意勉强结婚。
EN: I would rather be willingly single for the rest of my life than marry out of obligation.

ZH: 他心甘情愿地付出了很多努力来实现自己的梦想。
EN: He willingly put in a lot of effort to pursue his dreams.

ZH: 她对自己的选择并不后悔，甘心为之付出一切。
EN: She has no regrets about her choices and willingly sacrifices everything.

ZH: 父母总是甘心为孩子付出一切。
EN: Parents always willingly sacrifice everything for their children.

ZH: 她宁愿甘心受苦也不愿意背叛她的家人。
EN: She would rather suffer willingly than betray her family.

ZH: 家人支持他的决定，他也非常甘心为之付出一切。
EN: His family supports his decision, and he willingly sacrifices everything for it.

ZH: 他为了圆梦，甘心放弃了舒适的生活。
EN: He willingly gave up a comfortable life in order to chase his dreams.

ZH: 他甘心承受所有的困难和挑战，只为能够成功。
EN: He willingly faces all the difficulties and challenges in order to succeed.

ZH: 我们甘心忍受一些不便，只为了能够过上更好的生活。
EN: We willingly tolerate some inconveniences in order to have a better life.

ZH: 爱是一种甘心付出的感觉。
EN: Love is a feeling of willingly giving.

ZH: 她甘心承受所有的压力，只为了能够追求自己的梦想。
EN: She willingly handles all the pressures in order to pursue her dreams.

ZH: 他宁愿甘心承受痛苦，也不愿意妥协自己的原则。
EN: He would rather willingly endure pain than compromise his principles.

ZH: 我们应该甘心为了大家的利益而作出牺牲。
EN: We should willingly make sacrifices for the benefit of everyone.

ZH: 家人的幸福对我来说更重要，我甘心为他们付出一切。
EN: The happiness of my family is more important to me, and I willingly sacrifice everything for them.

ZH: 她甘心放弃自己的事业，全心全意地照顾家人。
EN: She willingly gave up her career to wholeheartedly take care of her family.

ZH: 对于我来说，享受生活比追求物质更重要，我甘心过简朴的生活。
EN: For me, enjoying life is more important than pursuing material possessions, and I willingly embrace a simple life.

ZH: 每个人都有自己的梦想，愿意为之付出才能实现，甘心承受困难都是值得的。
EN: Everyone has their own dreams, and it is worth willingly sacrificing and enduring hardships to achieve them.

ZH: 他甘心为了事业冒险，不断追求进步和成长。
EN: He willingly takes risks for his career, constantly striving for progress and growth.

ZH: 这个决定很艰难，但只要对自己的选择甘心，就不会后悔。
EN: This decision is difficult, but as long as you willingly accept your choice, you will have no regrets.

ZH: 父母对孩子的付出应该是甘心的，而不是有所期待的。
EN: Parents' sacrifices for their children should be willingly given, rather than expected.

ZH: 我甘心为你付出所有的爱，因为你是我的全部。
EN: I willingly give you all my love because you are my everything.
