ZH: 他甘愿放弃这个机会，为了照顾他生病的父母。
EN: He is willing to give up this opportunity in order to take care of his sick parents.

ZH: 她甘愿低薪工作，只是为了追随自己的梦想。
EN: She is willing to work for a low salary just to pursue her dream.

ZH: 他甘愿忍耐，以保持家庭的和谐。
EN: He is willing to endure in order to maintain family harmony.

ZH: 她甘愿为了友情而付出，从不计较得失。
EN: She is willing to sacrifice for friendship and never cares about gains and losses.

ZH: 她甘愿为了孩子的未来，放弃自己的事业。
EN: She is willing to give up her career for the sake of her child's future.

ZH: 他甘愿付出一切，只为了能够赢得她的心。
EN: He is willing to give everything in order to win her heart.

ZH: 我们甘愿冒着危险去探索未知的领域。
EN: We are willing to take risks to explore unknown territories.

ZH: 他甘愿花费大量时间来完成这个艰巨的任务。
EN: He is willing to spend a lot of time to complete this challenging task.

ZH: 她甘愿为了爱情与他分手，让他能够有更好的未来。
EN: She is willing to break up with him for the sake of love, so he can have a better future.

ZH: 他甘愿忍受各种压力，只为了达成自己的目标。
EN: He is willing to endure all kinds of pressure in order to achieve his goals.

ZH: 她甘愿听从父母的安排，嫁给一个她完全不认识的人。
EN: She is willing to obey her parents' arrangement and marry someone she doesn't know at all.

ZH: 他甘愿接受任何挑战，只为了证明自己的能力。
EN: He is willing to accept any challenge in order to prove his abilities.

ZH: 她甘愿付出辛勤努力，以获得今后的成功。
EN: She is willing to make hard efforts in order to achieve future success.

ZH: 他甘愿为了朋友的安全而冒险。
EN: He is willing to take risks for the safety of his friends.

ZH: 她甘愿放弃自己的梦想，只为了帮助别人实现他们的。
EN: She is willing to give up her own dreams in order to help others achieve theirs.

ZH: 他甘愿让步，只为了维持良好的合作关系。
EN: He is willing to compromise in order to maintain a good working relationship.

ZH: 她甘愿为了正义而战，不惜一切代价。
EN: She is willing to fight for justice at any cost.

ZH: 他甘愿接受失败，然后从中学到经验。
EN: He is willing to accept failure and learn from it.

ZH: 她甘愿抛弃过去的过错，接受改变的机会。
EN: She is willing to give up past mistakes and embrace opportunities for change.

ZH: 他甘愿付出一切，只为了让家人过上更好的生活。
EN: He is willing to give everything in order to provide a better life for his family.
