ZH: 这是我家的第一次参加圣诞节大餐的番。
EN: This is my family's first time participating in the Christmas feast.

ZH: 今天我是值班生活委员，是我班的番。
EN: Today, I am the on-duty student council member, representing my class.

ZH: 他是我们社区的第一位义工，是一个热心番。
EN: He is the first volunteer in our community, a dedicated representative.

ZH: 请您原谅，我是新来的实习生，是第一个来办公室的番。
EN: Please forgive me, I am a new intern, the first one to arrive in the office.

ZH: 这个村子的长者是我们的番，值得我们尊敬。
EN: The elders of this village are our representatives, deserving of our respect.

ZH: 在这个会议中，每个部门都有一个番来发言。
EN: In this meeting, each department has a representative to speak.

ZH: 我是公司的员工代表，也是员工们的番。
EN: I am the company's employee representative, also representing the staff.

ZH: 请让我介绍下，他是我们班里的番，负责学习生活的事务。
EN: Let me introduce him, he is the representative of our class, in charge of student affairs.

ZH: 他是公司的律师，也是公司的法律部门的番。
EN: He is the company's lawyer, as well as the representative of the legal department.

ZH: 这个组织的领导者是个番，负责组织整体运营。
EN: The leader of this organization is a representative, in charge of the overall operation.

ZH: 我们需找到一位番代表我们与政府进行合作。
EN: We need to find a representative to cooperate with the government.

ZH: 在展览会上，每个厂商都派出了一个番来宣传产品。
EN: At the trade fair, each manufacturer sent a representative to promote their products.

ZH: 这里每个家庭都选出一个番代表他们在居民委员会中发声。
EN: Every family here elects a representative to speak for them in the residents' committee.

ZH: 请问您是否可以代表我们与客户洽谈合作？您是我们的番。
EN: Can you represent us in negotiating cooperation with the client? You are our representative.

ZH: 我们需要选出一个番在学生会中协调各种活动。
EN: We need to select a representative to coordinate various activities in the student council.

ZH: 这个项目需要一位专业的番来领导团队的工作。
EN: This project requires a professional representative to lead the team's work.

ZH: 每个国家在联合国中都有一个番，代表国家利益。
EN: Every country has a representative in the United Nations to represent national interests.

ZH: 这个机构的组长是一位经验丰富的番，领导团队的工作。
EN: The head of this organization is an experienced representative, leading the team's work.

ZH: 请问大家是否同意由她来担任我们的番？她是理想的人选。
EN: Do you all agree to have her serve as our representative? She is the ideal candidate.

ZH: 每个企业都应该挑选一个番来代表公司的形象。
EN: Every company should choose a representative to represent the company's image.
