ZH: 他们每天忙于工作，疲于奔命。
EN: They are busy with work every day, exhausted from running around.

ZH: 我们不能再疲于奔命地工作下去了，需要休息一下。
EN: We can't keep working so hard, exhausted from running around, we need to take a break.

ZH: 她疲于奔命地照顾孩子和工作。
EN: She is exhausted from running around, taking care of the kids and working.

ZH: 许多人为了生计不得不疲于奔命。
EN: Many people have to exhaust themselves from running around for a living.

ZH: 老板让我们疲于奔命地完成这个任务。
EN: The boss made us exhaust ourselves from running around to complete this task.

ZH: 我们不能总是疲于奔命，要学会放松。
EN: We can't always exhaust ourselves from running around, we need to learn to relax.

ZH: 她一直疲于奔命地赶项目的进度。
EN: She has been exhausted from running around to meet the project deadlines.

ZH: 学生们疲于奔命地准备期末考试。
EN: The students are exhausted from running around preparing for the final exams.

ZH: 她看上去疲于奔命，需要休息一下。
EN: She looks exhausted from running around, she needs to take a break.

ZH: 社会竞争激烈，很多人都疲于奔命。
EN: In today's competitive society, many people are exhausted from running around.

ZH: 他们每天都在疲于奔命地努力工作。
EN: They work hard every day, exhausted from running around.

ZH: 她疲于奔命地赶早班车。
EN: She was exhausted from running around trying to catch the early bus.

ZH: 父母们都疲于奔命地忙着照顾孩子。
EN: The parents are exhausted from running around, busy taking care of the children.

ZH: 孩子们疲于奔命地追逐彼此。
EN: The kids are exhausted from running around chasing each other.

ZH: 公司忙于拓展业务，员工们都疲于奔命。
EN: The company is busy expanding its business, and the employees are exhausted from running around.

ZH: 她疲于奔命地逃离繁忙的都市生活。
EN: She is exhausted from running around, trying to escape the busy city life.

ZH: 他每天都在疲于奔命地工作。
EN: He works every day, exhausted from running around.

ZH: 学生们为了追求优异的成绩都在疲于奔命。
EN: The students are exhausted from running around, striving for excellent grades.

ZH: 这段时间他疲于奔命地准备升职申请。
EN: He has been exhausted from running around preparing for a promotion application lately.

ZH: 家长们疲于奔命地忙于孩子的教育工作。
EN: The parents are exhausted from running around, busy with their children's education.
