ZH:我整天工作，所以很疲惫不堪。
EN:I work all day, so I'm exhausted.

ZH:他完成了一系列的任务，变得疲惫不堪。
EN:He completed a series of tasks and became worn out.

ZH:她为了保护国家安全，日夜奋斗，变得疲惫不堪。
EN:She worked day and night to protect national security and became utterly exhausted.

ZH:昨天晚上我参加了一个派对，一直玩到凌晨，今天早上我感觉疲惫不堪。
EN:I attended a party last night and played until dawn. I feel utterly exhausted this morning.

ZH:我运动了一整天，现在感觉疲惫不堪。
EN:I exercised all day and now I feel utterly exhausted.

ZH:他为了追求梦想，在几个城市之间跑来跑去，每天都疲惫不堪。
EN:He runs around between several cities every day in pursuit of his dream and is utterly exhausted.

ZH:她连续几个晚上都失眠了，变得疲惫不堪。
EN:She had insomnia for several consecutive nights and became utterly exhausted.

ZH:他通宵备考，早上考试时感觉疲惫不堪。
EN:He stayed up all night studying and felt utterly exhausted during the morning exam.

ZH:我这周末一直在做家务，现在感觉疲惫不堪。
EN:I've been doing household chores all weekend and now I feel utterly exhausted.

ZH:他为了维持家庭生计，每天都要工作十二个小时，变得疲惫不堪。
EN:In order to support his family, he has to work twelve hours a day and becomes utterly exhausted.

ZH:我刚刚完成了一场马拉松比赛，现在感觉疲惫不堪。
EN:I just finished a marathon race and now I feel utterly exhausted.

ZH:他从国外的商务旅行回来后感觉疲惫不堪。
EN:He felt utterly exhausted after returning from a business trip abroad.

ZH:她一个人负责了整个项目，非常疲惫不堪。
EN:She was utterly exhausted as she was solely responsible for the entire project.

ZH:由于倍感压力，他对工作变得疲惫不堪。
EN:Due to the intense pressure, he became utterly exhausted with work.

ZH:他每天连续加班，现在已经疲惫不堪。
EN:He has been working overtime every day, and now he is utterly exhausted.

ZH:她连续几个星期每天都要坚持锻炼，现在已经感到疲惫不堪。
EN:She has been consistently exercising every day for several weeks and now feels utterly exhausted.

ZH:他刚刚度过了几个个晚上的通宵写作，现在感到疲惫不堪。
EN:He just spent several nights writing overnight and now feels utterly exhausted.

ZH:她在艰苦的条件下，努力学习了整整一个学期，变得疲惫不堪。
EN:She studied diligently for the whole semester under harsh conditions and became utterly exhausted.

ZH:他为了加快公司的发展而不断奔波，使自己疲惫不堪。
EN:He constantly rushed around to speed up the development of the company and made himself utterly exhausted.

ZH:经过长时间的旅行，他疲惫不堪地回到了家。
EN:After a long journey, he returned home utterly exhausted.
