ZH: 我今天非常疲於奔命，沒有時間去休息。
EN: I am extremely rushed off my feet today and have no time to rest.

ZH: 他總是疲於奔命，好像從來沒有空閒的時候。
EN: He is always on the go, as if he never has a moment to spare.

ZH: 老闆總是讓我們疲於奔命地完成任務。
EN: The boss always keeps us rushed off our feet to complete tasks.

ZH: 學校的生活讓學生們都疲於奔命。
EN: School life keeps the students all rushed off their feet.

ZH: 在這個忙碌的城市，他們總是疲於奔命。
EN: In this bustling city, they are always rushed off their feet.

ZH: 我們公司最忙的時候，大家都疲於奔命。
EN: During the busiest times in our company, everyone is rushed off their feet.

ZH: 每天都要應對無數工作，讓我覺得疲於奔命。
EN: Having to deal with countless tasks every day makes me feel rushed off my feet.

ZH: 現代生活忙碌不已，總是讓人疲於奔命。
EN: Modern life is so busy that it always keeps people rushed off their feet.

ZH: 我們的努力工作讓我們感到疲於奔命。
EN: Our hard work makes us feel rushed off our feet.

ZH: 疲於奔命的生活模式讓我們時常覺得力不從心。
EN: The hectic lifestyle that keeps us rushed off our feet often makes us feel overwhelmed.

ZH: 長時間的工作讓她感到疲於奔命，需要好好休息一下。
EN: The long working hours make her feel rushed off her feet, she needs a good rest.

ZH: 忙碌的生活讓他疲於奔命，需要花點時間放鬆一下。
EN: The busy life makes him rushed off his feet, he needs to take some time to relax.

ZH: 考試期間，我們都為了應付考試而疲於奔命。
EN: During the exam period, we are all rushed off our feet to prepare for exams.

ZH: 忙完工作後，她感到疲於奔命，需要好好放鬆一下。
EN: After finishing work, she feels rushed off her feet and needs to relax.

ZH: 這週的工作讓我們感到疲於奔命，真想好好休息一下。
EN: The work this week has left us feeling rushed off our feet, we really want to take a good break.

ZH: 面對一連串的問題，她感到疲於奔命，無法好好休息。
EN: Facing a series of problems, she feels rushed off her feet and cannot rest properly.

ZH: 處理瑣碎的事情讓他覺得疲於奔命，不知道從哪裡開始。
EN: Dealing with trivial matters makes him feel rushed off his feet, not knowing where to start.

ZH: 有時候，疲於奔命的生活模式會讓我們忘了放鬆自己。
EN: Sometimes, the rushed off our feet lifestyle can make us forget to relax.

ZH: 總是在外奔波工作，讓他感到疲於奔命，想好好休息。
EN: Always working outside makes him feel rushed off his feet and wishing for a good rest.
