ZH: 今晚的演出即将开始，主角将在几分钟后登场。
EN: The performance will start soon tonight, and the protagonist will make an appearance in a few minutes.

ZH: 这位明星将在新剧中再次登场。
EN: This celebrity will make a comeback in the new drama.

ZH: 登场音乐响起时，观众齐声喝彩。
EN: As the entrance music played, the audience cheered in unison.

ZH: 电影中的主人公在第三幕中登场。
EN: The protagonist of the movie makes an appearance in the third act.

ZH: 在这个节目中，各位嘉宾将陆续登场。
EN: In this show, the guests will make appearances one after another.

ZH: 王尽美昨晚在音乐会上登场演唱了几首歌曲。
EN: Last night, Wang Jinmei took the stage at the concert and sang a few songs.

ZH: 这位小演员第一次登场就获得了观众的喜爱。
EN: This young actor gained the audience's love with his first appearance.

ZH: 在音乐剧的高潮部分，男主角精彩登场。
EN: In the climax of the musical, the male lead makes a stunning entrance.

ZH: 演唱会上，歌手潇洒地登场了。
EN: The singer stylishly makes an entrance at the concert.

ZH: 他们的合唱团将在晚宴上登场演唱。
EN: Their choir will take the stage and perform at the banquet.

ZH: 电视剧的最终季中，一些老角色将再次登场。
EN: In the final season of the TV drama, some old characters will make a reappearance.

ZH: 他们在节目中首次登场，立即吸引了观众的眼球。
EN: They made their first appearance on the show and immediately caught the audience's attention.

ZH: 登场时，请大家热烈鼓掌欢迎。
EN: Please give a warm round of applause to welcome the entrance.

ZH: 指挥家优雅地登场，迅速制造出音乐的魔力。
EN: The conductor elegantly takes the stage, quickly creating the magic of music.

ZH: 拍摄时，演员们按照剧本要求集体登场。
EN: During filming, the actors made a collective entrance as required by the script.

ZH: 这部电影中的女主角扮演了一个神秘角色，一直等到故事的关键时刻才登场。
EN: The female lead in this movie plays a mysterious character who only makes an appearance at a crucial moment in the story.

ZH: 在这个节目的热门环节中，《中国好声音》的冠军将登场。
EN: The champion of "The Voice of China" will make an appearance in this show's popular segment.

ZH: 演员们纷纷登场，使得整个舞台充满了欢声笑语。
EN: The actors took turns to make an entrance, filling the stage with laughter and cheers.

ZH: 这位年轻歌手将在音乐节上首次登场，人们都非常期待。
EN: This young singer will make her debut at the music festival, and people are very excited about it.

ZH: 观众们发出热烈的掌声，当民族舞蹈团登场时。
EN: The audience erupted into applause as the ethnic dance troupe took the stage.

ZH: 在这个综艺节目的开场，各位明星将一同登场。
EN: At the beginning of this variety show, all the stars will make a joint appearance.
