ZH: 这个项目还有很多问题需要解决，百废待兴。
EN: This project still has many issues to be resolved, so much work remains to be done.

ZH: 公司的管理体系需要重新建立，百废待兴。
EN: The company's management system needs to be rebuilt, much work needs to be done.

ZH: 我们的环保工作还没有达到理想状态，百废待兴。
EN: Our environmental protection work has not reached the desired state, much remains to be done.

ZH: 政府部门的改革依然处于初级阶段，百废待兴。
EN: The reform of government departments is still in its early stages, much remains to be done.

ZH: 这个城市的基础设施建设还有许多欠缺，百废待兴。
EN: The infrastructure construction of this city still has many shortcomings, much work remains to be done.

ZH: 我们的教育体系还需要进一步完善，百废待兴。
EN: Our education system still needs further improvement, much work remains to be done.

ZH: 在数字化转型的道路上，我们还有许多工作需要去做，百废待兴。
EN: On the path of digital transformation, we still have a lot of work to do, much work remains to be done.

ZH: 这个企业的产业结构还需要进行调整，百废待兴。
EN: This company's industrial structure still needs to be adjusted, much work remains to be done.

ZH: 这个国家的医疗系统存在很多问题，百废待兴。
EN: This country's medical system has many problems, much work remains to be done.

ZH: 我们的科研机构还需要加强合作，百废待兴。
EN: Our research institutions still need to strengthen cooperation, much work remains to be done.

ZH: 道路交通管理亟需改进，百废待兴。
EN: Road traffic management urgently needs improvement, much work remains to be done.

ZH: 社会治安问题严峻，百废待兴。
EN: Social order issues are severe, much work remains to be done.

ZH: 企业的创新水平还有待提高，百废待兴。
EN: The innovation level of the company still needs to be improved, much work remains to be done.

ZH: 环境污染依然严重，百废待兴。
EN: Environmental pollution is still severe, much work remains to be done.

ZH: 我们的医疗保障体系还需要进一步完善，百废待兴。
EN: Our medical security system still needs further improvement, much work remains to be done.

ZH: 教育公平问题亟待解决，百废待兴。
EN: The issue of education equality needs to be addressed urgently, much work remains to be done.

ZH: 这个社会的灰色产业还有待彻底整治，百废待兴。
EN: The grey industry of this society still needs to be thoroughly rectified, much work remains to be done.

ZH: 劳动保障制度亟待改善，百废待兴。
EN: The labor security system urgently needs to be improved, much work remains to be done.

ZH: 我们在疾病防控方面还需要加强基础设施建设，百废待兴。
EN: We still need to strengthen infrastructure construction in disease prevention and control, much work remains to be done.
