ZH: 我将在明天的会议上盘点我们的业绩。
EN: I will take stock of our performance at tomorrow's meeting.

ZH: 这本书是一本盘点当地植物和动物种类的图鉴。
EN: This book is an inventory of local plant and animal species.

ZH: 我们需要盘点仓库中的货物，以确保库存准确无误。
EN: We need to take inventory of the goods in the warehouse to ensure accurate stock levels.

ZH: 周年庆活动盘点了所取得的成就与进展。
EN: The anniversary celebration took stock of the achievements and progress made.

ZH: 盘点过去一年的经历让我意识到自己取得了很大的成长。
EN: Taking stock of the past year's experiences made me realize how much I have grown.

ZH: 我们需要盘点一下家里的家具，看看是否需要更换。
EN: We need to take inventory of the furniture in the house to see if any replacements are needed.

ZH: 盘点了一下花园里的植物，发现有几棵需要浇水。
EN: Taking stock of the plants in the garden, we found a few that need watering.

ZH: 我们需要盘点一下员工的培训需求，以确定下一步的发展计划。
EN: We need to take inventory of the training needs of the employees to determine the next steps for development.

ZH: 盘点了一下储藏室的食品，发现要及时补充一些生活用品。
EN: Taking stock of the food in the pantry, we found that some household items need to be replenished.

ZH: 我们要盘点一下公司的资产和负债情况，以便制定财务计划。
EN: We need to take stock of the company's assets and liabilities to formulate a financial plan.

ZH: 盘点了一下电脑软件，发现有几个需要更新的版本。
EN: Taking stock of the computer software, we found a few versions that need updating.

ZH: 新年的前夜，人们会盘点过去一年的收获与遗憾。
EN: On New Year's Eve, people take stock of the achievements and regrets of the past year.

ZH: 盘点了一下衣柜里的衣物，发现有些需要修理或淘汰。
EN: Taking stock of the clothes in the wardrobe, we found some that need repairs or to be discarded.

ZH: 这份报告将会对项目进展情况进行盘点和总结。
EN: This report will take stock of and summarize the progress of the project.

ZH: 盘点了一下家里的电器，发现有几个需要维修或更换的。
EN: Taking stock of the electrical appliances in the house, we found a few that need repairing or replacing.

ZH: 我们需要盘点一下客户的意见和反馈，以改进我们的产品和服务。
EN: We need to take inventory of the customers' opinions and feedback to improve our products and services.

ZH: 盘点了一下车库里的工具，发现有些需要清理和整理。
EN: Taking stock of the tools in the garage, we found some that need cleaning and organizing.

ZH: 这次年度会议将会盘点公司在过去一年的发展和业绩。
EN: This annual meeting will take stock of the company's development and performance over the past year.

ZH: 盘点了一下食品库存，发现有几样需要补货的。
EN: Taking stock of the food inventory, we found a few items that need to be restocked.

ZH: 我们需要盘点员工的技能和能力，以便安排合适的岗位和培训。
EN: We need to take inventory of the employees' skills and abilities to arrange suitable positions and training.
