ZH: 他看了这本书，可是完全是目不识丁。
EN: He looked at the book, but he couldn't understand a word.

ZH: 我学习法语，但是现在还是目不识丁。
EN: I am learning French, but I am still completely illiterate in it.

ZH: 小明对数学一窍不通，简直就是目不识丁。
EN: Xiaoming knows nothing about math, he is completely illiterate in it.

ZH: 她对军事战术一无所知，简直就是目不识丁。
EN: She knows nothing about military tactics, she is completely illiterate in it.

ZH: 我们需要找一个能够翻译英文的人，小明可是目不识丁。
EN: We need to find someone who can translate English, Xiaoming is completely illiterate in it.

ZH: 这本法语书对我来说简直就是目不识丁。
EN: This French book is completely illegible to me.

ZH: 即使我学过很多年的中文，但是某些字我还是目不识丁。
EN: Even though I have studied Chinese for many years, there are still some characters that I am completely illiterate in.

ZH: 要是下次再叫我写这些汉字，我肯定是目不识丁。
EN: If you ask me to write these Chinese characters again, I will definitely be completely illiterate in them.

ZH: 她对计算机编程一无所知，就像是目不识丁。
EN: She knows nothing about computer programming, it's like she's completely illiterate in it.

ZH: 这本拉丁文书对我来说就像是目不识丁。
EN: This Latin book is completely illegible to me.

ZH: 小红对化学一窍不通，简直就是目不识丁。
EN: Xiaohong knows nothing about chemistry, she is completely illiterate in it.

ZH: 我对这个领域一无所知，对我来说就是目不识丁。
EN: I know nothing about this field, it's completely illegible to me.

ZH: 虽然这是一个日文歌词，但是对我来说简直就是目不识丁。
EN: Although these are Japanese song lyrics, they are completely illegible to me.

ZH: 这位老师对科学知识一无所知，就像是目不识丁。
EN: This teacher knows nothing about science, it's like he's completely illiterate in it.

ZH: 小明对这个领域一无所知，他简直就是目不识丁。
EN: Xiaoming knows nothing about this field, he is completely illiterate in it.

ZH: 虽然我学习了几年的西班牙语，但是对我来说还是目不识丁。
EN: Even though I have studied Spanish for a few years, I am still completely illiterate in it.

ZH: 她好像对这个主题一窍不通，简直就是目不识丁。
EN: She seems to know nothing about this topic, it's like she's completely illiterate in it.

ZH: 即便我尝试了好几次，但是我还是目不识丁。
EN: Even though I have tried several times, I am still completely illiterate in it.

ZH: 我朋友说的话对我来说简直是目不识丁。
EN: What my friend says is completely illegible to me.
