ZH: 我在旋转木马上玩了一会儿，感到有点目眩。
EN: I felt a bit dizzy after playing on the merry-go-round for a while.

ZH: 她在飞机上遇到了高空眩晕症，感到目眩和恶心。
EN: She experienced airsickness on the plane, feeling dizzy and nauseous.

ZH: 当我站起来时，突然感到目眩，差点摔倒了。
EN: I felt dizzy all of a sudden when I stood up and almost fell down.

ZH: 长时间盯着电脑屏幕使得我的眼睛感到目眩。
EN: Staring at the computer screen for a long time made my eyes feel dizzy.

ZH: 花园中的盛开的花朵使我感到目眩。
EN: The blooming flowers in the garden made me feel dizzy.

ZH: 乘坐过山车时的快速转弯使我感到目眩。
EN: The fast turns on the roller coaster made me feel dizzy.

ZH: 他遭受中暑，出现了目眩和头晕的症状。
EN: He suffered from heatstroke and experienced symptoms of dizziness and lightheadedness.

ZH: 在秒针上盯着看的时候，时间仿佛静止了，而周围却产生了目眩的感觉。
EN: When I stared at the second hand, time seemed to stand still, and I felt dizzy.

ZH: 在高海拔地区呼吸薄空气会引起人们目眩的感觉。
EN: Breathing thin air at high altitudes can cause people to feel dizzy.

ZH: 长时间低头看手机会导致颈椎病和目眩。
EN: Looking down at the phone for a long time can lead to cervical spondylosis and dizziness.

ZH: 我感到迷失在密密麻麻的楼房中，一下子觉得目眩。
EN: I felt lost in the sea of buildings and suddenly felt dizzy.

ZH: 早晨起床的时候，血液流动迅速，有时会感到目眩。
EN: When getting up in the morning, blood flows quickly, sometimes causing dizziness.

ZH: 长时间的船上航行会使人们晕船，产生目眩感。
EN: Long hours of sailing on a boat can cause seasickness and dizziness.

ZH: 在人山人海的地铁站，人们排队时常常感到目眩。
EN: People often feel dizzy while queuing up at crowded subway stations.

ZH: 突然转过头来看，我的视野发生了快速的变化，产生目眩的感觉。
EN: When I suddenly turned my head to look, my vision changed rapidly, causing a feeling of dizziness.

ZH: 喝过量的酒使我感到目眩和头晕。
EN: Drinking too much alcohol made me feel dizzy and lightheaded.

ZH: 紧张和焦虑会导致人们眩晕和目眩。
EN: Nervousness and anxiety can cause dizziness and visual disturbances.

ZH: 做一些快速的旋转动作时，体内的内耳液体的流动会引起目眩感。
EN: Quick spinning movements can cause a sense of dizziness due to the movement of fluid in the inner ear.

ZH: 长时间睡眠不足会使人感到疲倦和目眩。
EN: Lack of sleep for an extended period can make a person feel tired and dizzy.

ZH: 直立过快时，血液无法供应足够的氧气给脑部，导致目眩。
EN: When standing up too quickly, blood cannot supply enough oxygen to the brain, resulting in dizziness.
