ZH: 当他听到好友即将结婚的消息时，他目瞪口呆了。
EN: He was dumbfounded when he heard the news of his best friend's upcoming wedding.

ZH: 小明看到自己做的蛋糕被誉为最好的时，他目瞪口呆。
EN: Xiaoming was astounded when his cake was acclaimed as the best.

ZH: 这个幽默的笑话让大家都目瞪口呆。
EN: Everyone was left dumbfounded by this humorous joke.

ZH: 在电影结局揭晓之前，观众都目瞪口呆。
EN: The audience was dumbstruck until the ending of the movie was revealed.

ZH: 女孩表演了一个惊艳的舞蹈，让所有人目瞪口呆。
EN: The girl performed a stunning dance that left everyone in awe.

ZH: 老板的新计划让员工们目瞪口呆。
EN: The boss's new plan left the employees dumbfounded.

ZH: 这个小孩口齿不清地唱了一首歌，让大家目瞪口呆。
EN: The child sang a song in an unintelligible manner, leaving everyone dumbstruck.

ZH: 他的天才想法让所有人目瞪口呆。
EN: His genius idea left everyone dumbfounded.

ZH: 演讲者的发言让听众目瞪口呆。
EN: The speaker's statement left the audience in dumbstruck.

ZH: 当他赢了比赛时，大家都目瞪口呆。
EN: Everyone was dumbfounded when he won the competition.

ZH: 在魔术师面前，观众都傻愣愣地目瞪口呆。
EN: The audience stood dumbfounded in front of the magician.

ZH: 小狗学会了滑板，主人目瞪口呆。
EN: The owner was dumbfounded when the puppy learned how to skateboard.

ZH: 他在测验中得了满分，同学们目瞪口呆。
EN: His classmates were left dumbstruck when he scored full marks on the test.

ZH: 当小明拿出一本大学教材时，他的同学们都目瞪口呆了。
EN: Xiaoming's classmates were dumbfounded when he pulled out a college textbook.

ZH: 在展览会上，参观者们被珍贵的艺术品吸引得目瞪口呆。
EN: Visitors at the exhibition were left dumbfounded by the precious artworks.

ZH: 这个小孩的绘画能力让老师和家长们目瞪口呆。
EN: The child's artistic abilities left his teachers and parents dumbstruck.

ZH: 当他跳出飞机并展开降落伞时，人群目瞪口呆。
EN: The crowd stood dumbfounded when he jumped out of the plane and deployed the parachute.

ZH: 妈妈给他买了一辆新自行车，他目瞪口呆地站在那里。
EN: Mom bought him a new bicycle, and he stood there in awe.

ZH: 这部电影太令人惊讶了，观众们都目瞪口呆。
EN: The movie was so astonishing that the audience was left dumbfounded.

ZH: 新闻报道了一位年轻科学家的突破性发现，全世界都目瞪口呆。
EN: The news reported a groundbreaking discovery by a young scientist, leaving the whole world amazed.

ZH: 当他们看到火山爆发时，大家都目瞪口呆。
EN: Everyone was dumbfounded when they saw the volcano erupt.
