ZH: 我们在学校相遇后，才发现彼此有许多共同之处，真是相见恨晚。
EN: We met at school and realized we have a lot in common, it's a case of "better late than never."

ZH: 他们两个人相遇恨晚，如果早点认识，或许会更好。
EN: They met each other way too late, things might have been different if they had known each other earlier.

ZH: 在网上相识的我们相见恨晚，彼此都感到十分惊讶。
EN: We met online and felt regret that it didn't happen sooner, we were both surprised.

ZH: 相见恨晚的感觉让我们更加珍惜彼此之间的友谊。
EN: The feeling of meeting too late makes us cherish our friendship even more.

ZH: 我们之间的交流很有趣，觉得这时候认识真的是相见恨晚。
EN: Our conversations are so interesting, it's a regret that we didn't meet earlier.

ZH: 这个新的工作机会给我们俩带来了相见恨晚的感觉，原来我们可以有更多合作的机会。
EN: This new job opportunity made us feel like we missed out on each other before, we could have collaborated more.

ZH: 这次旅行让我们相识，却感觉有点相见恨晚。
EN: This trip brought us together, but it feels like it should have happened sooner.

ZH: 原来我们住得这么近，却直到现在才见面，觉得相见恨晚。
EN: We lived so close to each other, but only met now, it's a case of "better late than never."

ZH: 她和我兴趣非常相似，所以我们表示相见恨晚。
EN: She and I have very similar interests, so we both feel like we should have met sooner.

ZH: 在这个项目中工作的感觉很亲切，抱着相见恨晚的心情。
EN: Working on this project feels so familiar, with a sense of regret for not meeting earlier.

ZH: 我们有许多共同的朋友，但直到最近才认识，真是相见恨晚。
EN: We have many mutual friends, but only met recently, it's a feeling of "better late than never."

ZH: 我们这次一起出去玩相见恨晚，感觉应该更早相遇。
EN: We had so much fun hanging out together, it felt like we should have met earlier.

ZH: 看到对方的工作作品后，感到相见恨晚，我们可以有更多的合作机会。
EN: After seeing each other's work, we both regret not meeting sooner, there could have been more chances to collaborate.

ZH: 我们分享着相同的爱好，相见恨晚，我们可以讨论更多有趣的话题。
EN: We share the same hobbies, it's a regret that we didn't meet earlier, we could have discussed more interesting topics.

ZH: 她的才华让我惊讶，觉得相见恨晚，早点认识她会是多么幸运。
EN: Her talent surprised me, making me regret not meeting her sooner, it would have been so lucky to know her earlier.

ZH: 这次参加活动认识了她，感到有点相见恨晚，我们可以一起更多的探讨。
EN: Meeting her at this event made me feel like it should have happened sooner, we could have explored more together.

ZH: 共同的目标让我们更加默契，觉得相见恨晚，希望可以更多合作。
EN: Our common goal makes us more in sync, making us feel like we should have met earlier, hoping for more collaboration.

ZH: 他给我讲的故事让我感觉相见恨晚，希望可以更多地交流。
EN: The stories he told me made me feel like it should have happened sooner, hoping for more communication.

ZH: 在这次聚会认识了这么多有趣的人，感到相见恨晚，希望可以保持联系。
EN: Meeting so many interesting people at this gathering made me feel like it should have happened sooner, hoping to stay in touch.

ZH: 欣赏对方的才华和品味，相见恨晚放弃继续交流的机会。
EN: Admiring each other's talent and taste made us feel like it should have happened sooner, not wanting to miss out on more interaction.
