ZH: 爸爸为了买新房，省吃俭用了好几年。
EN: Dad saved money by living frugally for several years in order to buy a new house.

ZH: 妈妈每个月只买必需品，一直在省吃俭用。
EN: Mom only buys necessities every month and has been living frugally all along.

ZH: 他们为了孩子的教育费用省吃俭用，尽力给孩子提供更好的教育。
EN: They save money by living frugally in order to provide a better education for their child.

ZH: 姐姐为了买名牌包包，省吃俭用了几个月。
EN: My sister saved money by living frugally for several months in order to buy a designer handbag.

ZH: 为了实现旅行的梦想，我一直在省吃俭用。
EN: I have been living frugally in order to fulfill my dream of traveling.

ZH: 在经济不景气的时候，人们会更加省吃俭用。
EN: People tend to live more frugally during economic downturns.

ZH: 要想买得起心仪的房子，必须省吃俭用。
EN: In order to afford the dream house, one must live frugally.

ZH: 她省吃俭用，积攒了足够的钱去欧洲旅行。
EN: She lived frugally and saved enough money to travel to Europe.

ZH: 由于省吃俭用，他们终于存够了首付买房。
EN: They finally saved enough for a down payment on a house by living frugally.

ZH: 她父母从小就教导她要节俭省吃，所以一直是个省吃俭用的人。
EN: Her parents taught her to be frugal since she was young, so she has always lived frugally.

ZH: 长期省吃俭用对身体也不好，应该适量饮食。
EN: Long-term frugal living is not good for health, so one should have a balanced diet.

ZH: 爷爷奶奶养成了省吃俭用的好习惯，一直保持着简朴的生活。
EN: Grandpa and grandma have developed the good habit of frugal living and have always maintained a simple life.

ZH: 超市正在举办节俭省吃活动，主推家庭经济装商品。
EN: The supermarket is promoting frugal living activities, focusing on family economic package goods.

ZH: 在大学生活里，我一直在省吃俭用以减轻家里的经济负担。
EN: In college, I have been living frugally to ease the financial burden on my family.

ZH: 他们为了建造慈善学校，省吃俭用了多年。
EN: They lived frugally for many years in order to build a charitable school.

ZH: 政府发起省吃俭用计划以提高大众节俭意识。
EN: The government has launched a frugal living plan to increase public awareness of thrift.

ZH: 当我们紧急需要一大笔资金时，就必须省吃俭用。
EN: When we need a large sum of money urgently, we must live frugally.

ZH: 为了过上更好的生活，我们应该学会省吃俭用。
EN: In order to live a better life, we should learn to be frugal.

ZH: 虽然生活艰辛，但是只要努力省吃俭用，总会好起来的。
EN: Although life is tough, as long as we try to live frugally, things will get better.
