ZH: 看到她成功的样子，他眉开眼笑。
EN: Seeing her successful appearance, he grinned from ear to ear.

ZH: 收到好消息后，他眉开眼笑地跳了起来。
EN: After receiving good news, he jumped up with a big smile on his face.

ZH: 来自观众的热烈掌声使得演员们都眉开眼笑。
EN: The enthusiastic applause from the audience made the actors all smile with delight.

ZH: 在那个美丽的景色面前，我忍不住眉开眼笑。
EN: I couldn't help but smile with joy in front of that beautiful scenery.

ZH: 得到老师的表扬时，小明眉开眼笑地看着妈妈。
EN: When praised by the teacher, Xiaoming smiled at his mother with joy.

ZH: 爷爷对孙子说完故事后，孙子眉开眼笑地抱住了他。
EN: After Grandfather finished telling the story, the grandson hugged him with a big smile on his face.

ZH: 看到妈妈做的美食，小宝眉开眼笑地坐了下来。
EN: Seeing the delicious food made by his mother, Xiaobao sat down with a delighted smile.

ZH: 考试得了满分，她眉开眼笑地给自己一个大大的赞。
EN: Getting full marks on the exam, she gave herself a big pat on the back with a smile of satisfaction.

ZH: 他听到儿子的学习进步后，眉开眼笑地夸奖了他。
EN: After hearing about his son's academic progress, he praised him with a smile of approval.

ZH: 每次看到妹妹主动帮助别人，姐姐都眉开眼笑地夸奖她。
EN: Every time she sees her younger sister voluntarily helping others, the older sister praises her with a proud smile.

ZH: 听到妈妈获得工作升职，孩子们眉开眼笑地为她庆祝。
EN: Hearing that their mother got a promotion at work, the children celebrated for her with smiles of happiness.

ZH: 当她赢得比赛时，队友们都眉开眼笑地向她祝贺。
EN: When she won the game, her teammates congratulated her with smiles of delight.

ZH: 看到孩子们和盘托出的晚餐，爸爸眉开眼笑地称赞了他们的努力。
EN: Seeing the delicious dinner prepared by the children, Dad praised their efforts with a smiling face.

ZH: 涨工资的消息传来时，员工们都眉开眼笑地庆祝着。
EN: When news of a salary increase came, the employees celebrated with smiles of joy.

ZH: 听到喜讯，他立刻眉开眼笑地招呼大家来庆祝。
EN: Upon hearing the good news, he immediately welcomed everyone to celebrate with smiles all around.

ZH: 接到录取通知书后，他高兴地眉开眼笑地告诉了家人。
EN: After receiving the admission letter, he happily shared the news with his family with a beaming smile.

ZH: 老板满意地看着整齐干净的办公室，眉开眼笑地表扬了员工。
EN: The boss looked at the clean and tidy office with satisfaction and praised the employees with a smile.

ZH: 收到生日礼物后，她眉开眼笑地感谢朋友们的祝福。
EN: After receiving the birthday gift, she smiled with gratitude and thanked her friends.

ZH: 在婚礼上，新郎新娘相互对视，眉开眼笑地喜笑颜开。
EN: At the wedding, the bride and groom looked at each other, smiling with happiness.

ZH: 看到老朋友们再次团聚，他们眉开眼笑地互相拥抱。
EN: Seeing old friends reunite, they hugged each other with smiles of joy.
