ZH: 她听到好消息后，眉飞色舞地告诉了所有人。
EN: After hearing the good news, she excitedly told everyone with a look of joy.

ZH: 他看到心爱的人时，眉飞色舞地笑了起来。
EN: When he saw his beloved, he smiled happily.

ZH: 队员们在赛场上取得胜利后，眉飞色舞地庆祝起来。
EN: The team members celebrated their victory on the field with delight.

ZH: 妈妈得知儿子考上大学后，眉飞色舞地拍手称快。
EN: Mom clapped with joy when she found out that her son got accepted into college.

ZH: 听到老板给自己加薪的消息，他兴奋地眉飞色舞。
EN: He was excited and jubilant when he heard the news that the boss gave him a raise.

ZH: 看到孩子们顺利长大成人，父母不禁眉飞色舞。
EN: Parents couldn't help but rejoice seeing their children grow up successfully.

ZH: 妹妹得知自己的表现得到老师认可时，眉飞色舞地高兴起来。
EN: Little sister was delighted when she found out that her performance was recognized by the teacher.

ZH: 他眉飞色舞地终于完成了自己的梦想。
EN: He finally accomplished his dream with jubilant delight.

ZH: 她眉飞色舞地打开生日礼物，发现是心仪已久的手表。
EN: She eagerly unwrapped her birthday gift and found the watch she had been wanting.

ZH: 老师看到这些优秀的学生，不禁眉飞色舞。
EN: The teacher couldn't help but rejoice at seeing these outstanding students.

ZH: 因为取得了比赛的胜利，队员们眉飞色舞地庆祝起来。
EN: The team members celebrated their victory in the competition with joyous expressions.

ZH: 看到父母脱贫致富，孩子们眉飞色舞地欢呼庆祝。
EN: Children cheered and celebrated seeing their parents become wealthy and escape poverty.

ZH: 她眉飞色舞地说出自己的想法，得到了大家的支持。
EN: She joyously expressed her thoughts, receiving everyone's support.

ZH: 队长带领团队连续获得好成绩，大家眉飞色舞地庆祝胜利。
EN: The team captain led the group to consecutive victories, celebrating joyfully.

ZH: 他们在音乐会上表演得很好，观众们眉飞色舞地鼓掌。
EN: They performed well at the concert, and the audience clapped with joy.

ZH: 青年画家通过自己的作品获得了好评，眉飞色舞地敞开心扉。
EN: The young painter received praise for his work and opened up joyfully.

ZH: 两位老朋友边喝茶边聊天，眉飞色舞地回忆过去。
EN: Two old friends chatted over tea, recalling the past joyfully.

ZH: 经过长时间的磨难，他终于眉飞色舞地迎来了成功。
EN: After enduring a long period of hardship, he finally welcomed success joyously.

ZH: 爷爷奶奶听到孙子考上名校的消息，欢喜得眉飞色舞。
EN: Grandparents were overjoyed to hear the news that their grandson got admitted to a prestigious school.

ZH: 姐妹俩一起参加比赛获得了好成绩，眉飞色舞地共同庆祝。
EN: The sisters participated in a competition together and achieved good results, celebrating jubilantly.
