ZH: 我感到一阵强烈的睡意。
EN: I feel a strong sleepiness coming over me.

ZH: 他们在车上度过了很长时间，后来开始感到了困意。
EN: They spent a long time in the car, and later started feeling sleepy.

ZH: 她一整天都感到很疲劳，睡意涌上心头。
EN: She felt exhausted the entire day, with sleepiness washing over her.

ZH: 晚饭后，他的眼皮开始变得有些沉重，睡意逐渐袭来。
EN: After dinner, his eyelids started getting heavy, and sleepiness gradually took over.

ZH: 过度喝咖啡会抵消我睡意的感觉。
EN: Drinking too much coffee counteracts the feeling of sleepiness for me.

ZH: 当我回到家时，睡意扑面而来。
EN: When I got back home, sleepiness hit me in the face.

ZH: 在这个舒适的床上躺着，我全身都被睡意所包围。
EN: Lying on this comfortable bed, my whole body is surrounded by sleepiness.

ZH: 在办公室里工作了几个小时后，我开始感到浓浓的睡意。
EN: After working for a few hours in the office, I began to feel a strong sleepiness.

ZH: 驾驶长途的开车会带来睡意。
EN: Driving long distances can bring on sleepiness.

ZH: 在火车上坐了很长时间，她忍不住开始打起哈欠，感到了睡意。
EN: After sitting on the train for a long time, she couldn't help but start yawning and feeling sleepy.

ZH: 影响大脑功能的睡意导致了注意力不集中。
EN: Sleepiness affecting brain function leads to lack of concentration.

ZH: 他总是在上午9点感到睡意。
EN: He always feels sleepy at 9 a.m.

ZH: 妈妈辛苦地工作了一天，晚上倒在沙发上，睡意弥漫着她的身体。
EN: After a hard day's work, mom collapsed on the couch in the evening, with sleepiness enveloping her body.

ZH: 当我每天晚上看电影的时候，我总会感到一阵微弱的睡意。
EN: When I watch movies every night, I always feel a slight sleepiness.

ZH: 看到那么多的人在公共汽车站等车，我不禁感到睡意。
EN: Seeing so many people waiting for the bus at the bus stop, I couldn't help feeling sleepy.

ZH: 听到那首轻柔的音乐，我渐渐被睡意所征服。
EN: Hearing that gentle music, I gradually succumbed to sleepiness.

ZH: 在学校的长课之后，同学们开始困顿，眼中闪过睡意。
EN: After a long class at school, classmates began to feel drowsy, with sleepiness shimmering in their eyes.

ZH: 这间房子的床实在太舒服了，我只要一躺上去就感到睡意袭来。
EN: The bed in this house is so comfortable that as soon as I lie down, sleepiness comes over me.

ZH: 到了晚上，他才感到疲劳和睡意。
EN: It's only in the evening that he feels tiredness and sleepiness.

ZH: 看了太多的书，他的眼睛开始觉得酸胀，睡意袭上心头。
EN: After reading too many books, his eyes started feeling sore and sleepy.
