ZH: 这张画很漂亮，但是放在这里太碍眼了。
EN: This painting is very beautiful, but it's too obtrusive placed here.

ZH: 你看到那只很高的建筑物了吗？它是我们家窗外最碍眼的景物。
EN: Do you see that tall building? It's the most annoying sight outside our window.

ZH: 她的大声笑声总是碍眼，特别是在图书馆里。
EN: Her loud laughter is always obtrusive, especially in the library.

ZH: 这个广告牌真的很碍眼，它挡住了整个风景。
EN: This billboard is really obtrusive, it blocks the entire view.

ZH: 那个男孩的发型真太碍眼了，看起来很奇怪。
EN: That boy's hairstyle is so obtrusive, it looks very weird.

ZH: 在一些场合，穿得太暴露可能会显得很碍眼。
EN: In some situations, dressing too provocatively can be very obtrusive.

ZH: 这辆彩色的跑车在这个小村庄里非常碍眼。
EN: This colorful sports car is very obtrusive in this small village.

ZH: 这个亮绿色的墙壁真的很碍眼，不符合整个屋子的风格。
EN: This bright green wall is really obtrusive, it doesn't match the style of the whole room.

ZH: 请不要将你的行李箱放在过道里，这样会碍眼。
EN: Please don't place your suitcase in the aisle, it will be obtrusive.

ZH: 这个广场上的雕塑很碍眼，它太大了。
EN: The sculpture in this square is quite obtrusive, it's too big.

ZH: 建筑工地的指示牌应该让人易于理解，而且不应该过于碍眼。
EN: The signs at construction sites should be easily understandable and not too obtrusive.

ZH: 那个醉酒的人在街上行走，碍眼又危险。
EN: That drunk person walking on the street is obtrusive and dangerous.

ZH: 别站在这里，你的位置挡住了我的视线，很碍眼。
EN: Don't stand here, your position is obstructing my sight, it's very obtrusive.

ZH: 这件衣服太亮眼了，我会觉得很碍眼。
EN: This piece of clothing is too flashy, it would make me feel obtrusive.

ZH: 我已经受够了那个邻居的嘈杂音乐，它真的太碍眼了。
EN: I'm fed up with the noisy music from that neighbor, it's really obtrusive.

ZH: 那家商店的霓虹灯非常刺眼，实在是太碍眼了。
EN: The neon lights of that store are very dazzling, they are really obtrusive.

ZH: 电视上的广告常常是最碍眼的部分，总是打断了节目。
EN: Advertisements on TV are often the most obtrusive parts, they always interrupt the program.

ZH: 你的大号琴音太突兀了，在这首歌中太碍眼了。
EN: The sound of your tuba is too abrupt, it's too obtrusive in this song.

ZH: 请将你的车停在指定的停车位上，以免碍眼到其他车辆和行人。
EN: Please park your car in the designated parking space to avoid obstructing other vehicles and pedestrians.
