ZH: 他拥有神通广大的法力，可以随心所欲地改变事物。
EN: He possesses great supernatural powers and can manipulate things at will.

ZH: 她的神通广大，能够预知未来发生的事情。
EN: Her supernatural abilities are vast, she can predict future events.

ZH: 他的神通广大，可以瞬间移动到任何地方。
EN: His supernatural powers are vast, he can teleport instantaneously to any location.

ZH: 她的神通广大，可以在瞬间治愈疾病。
EN: Her supernatural abilities are vast, she can heal illnesses instantaneously.

ZH: 他的神通广大，能够与动物进行心灵交流。
EN: His supernatural powers are vast, he can communicate telepathically with animals.

ZH: 她是一个神通广大的先知，能够解读命运的端倪。
EN: She is a prophet with vast supernatural abilities, able to interpret clues of destiny.

ZH: 他的神通广大，可以听到他人的心声。
EN: His supernatural powers are vast, he can hear the thoughts of others.

ZH: 她的神通广大，能够看穿他人的真实意图。
EN: Her supernatural abilities are vast, she can see through the true intentions of others.

ZH: 他的神通广大，能够控制自然界的力量。
EN: His supernatural powers are vast, he can control the forces of nature.

ZH: 她的神通广大，可以与亡者交谈。
EN: Her supernatural abilities are vast, she can communicate with the deceased.

ZH: 他的神通广大，可以改变时间的流转。
EN: His supernatural powers are vast, he can alter the flow of time.

ZH: 她拥有神通广大的智慧，可以解决世间难题。
EN: She possesses vast supernatural wisdom and can solve the world's problems.

ZH: 他的神通广大，能够利用心灵能量进行远程操作。
EN: His supernatural powers are vast, he can use psychic energy for remote operations.

ZH: 她的神通广大，可以实现无手操作的技艺。
EN: Her supernatural abilities are vast, she can perform skills hands-free.

ZH: 他的神通广大，能够控制梦境中的一切。
EN: His supernatural powers are vast, he can control everything in dreams.

ZH: 她的神通广大，可以解读星象的隐含信息。
EN: Her supernatural abilities are vast, she can interpret the hidden messages in the stars.

ZH: 他的神通广大，能够穿梭于时间的长河。
EN: His supernatural powers are vast, he can travel through the river of time.

ZH: 她的神通广大，能够预知灾祸的来临。
EN: Her supernatural abilities are vast, she can foresee the arrival of disasters.

ZH: 他的神通广大，可以感知人们的情绪波动。
EN: His supernatural powers are vast, he can sense people's emotional fluctuations.

ZH: 她的神通广大，可以拯救世界于危机之中。
EN: Her supernatural abilities are vast, she can save the world from crisis.
