ZH: 政府已经颁布了一项禁令，禁止在公共场所吸烟。
EN: The government has issued a ban on smoking in public places.

ZH: 这家公司发布了一个禁令，禁止员工在工作时间使用手机。
EN: This company has implemented a ban on employees using their phones during work hours.

ZH: 该城市实施了禁令，禁止市民乱扔垃圾。
EN: The city has enforced a ban on citizens littering.

ZH: 学校颁布了一项禁令，禁止学生出入校园外的商店。
EN: The school has put a ban on students going in and out of shops outside the campus.

ZH: 博物馆设立了一个禁令，禁止照相。
EN: The museum has a ban on taking photographs.

ZH: 其他国家已经颁布了一项禁令，禁止进口某些产品。
EN: Other countries have imposed a ban on importing certain products.

ZH: 运输部门宣布了禁令，禁止过载客车上路。
EN: The transportation department announced a ban on overloaded buses from operating on the road.

ZH: 医院实施了禁令，禁止患者在病房内吸烟。
EN: The hospital has implemented a ban on patients smoking in the wards.

ZH: 这座湖的管理机构已经颁布了一项禁令，禁止在湖中游泳。
EN: The management authority of this lake has issued a ban on swimming in the lake.

ZH: 市政府发布了一项禁令，禁止在市中心悬挂广告牌。
EN: The city government has announced a ban on hanging billboards in the city center.

ZH: 警察局颁布了一项禁令，禁止在公共场所聚众游行。
EN: The police department has issued a ban on gathering and protesting in public places.

ZH: 这家公司实施了禁令，禁止员工带宠物上班。
EN: This company has put a ban on employees bringing pets to work.

ZH: 政府已经通过了一项禁令，禁止在市区内燃放烟花。
EN: The government has passed a ban on setting off fireworks in the city center.

ZH: 博物馆发出了一个禁令，禁止观众触摸展品。
EN: The museum has issued a ban on visitors touching the exhibits.

ZH: 机场实行了一项禁令，禁止带液体超过规定量上飞机。
EN: The airport has enforced a ban on bringing liquids exceeding the specified limit onto the plane.

ZH: 公园颁布了一项禁令，禁止在草地上野餐。
EN: The park has announced a ban on picnicking on the grass.

ZH: 学校制定了一项禁令，禁止学生在课堂上使用电子设备。
EN: The school has implemented a ban on students using electronic devices in the classroom.

ZH: 公共汽车公司发布了一项禁令，禁止在车厢内吃东西。
EN: The bus company has issued a ban on eating in the bus compartments.

ZH: 市政府颁布了一项禁令，禁止在公共场所涂鸦。
EN: The city government has enacted a ban on graffiti in public places.

ZH: 这家饭店制定了一项禁令，禁止客人在用餐时大声喧哗。
EN: This restaurant has set a ban on customers making loud noises while dining.
