ZH: 这位学生离经叛道，不按部就班地进行研究。
EN: This student goes against the traditional way of studying and conducts research in a unique manner.

ZH: 这个艺术家永远在创作中离经叛道。
EN: This artist always goes against the norm in his creations.

ZH: 许多创新的理念都是离经叛道的。
EN: Many innovative ideas are outside the conventional way of thinking.

ZH: 他的作品风格离经叛道，引起了广泛的讨论。
EN: His artworks are unconventional and have sparked widespread discussions.

ZH: 这家公司的管理策略离经叛道，但却非常成功。
EN: This company's management strategy is unconventional, but very successful.

ZH: 她的思维方式总是离经叛道，但结果往往令人惊艳。
EN: Her way of thinking is always unconventional, but the results are often stunning.

ZH: 这位作家的小说风格完全离经叛道，深受读者喜爱。
EN: This writer's novel style is completely unconventional and is loved by readers.

ZH: 他的目标设定总是离经叛道，但他总能找到一条成功的道路。
EN: His goal setting is always against the norm, but he always finds a successful path.

ZH: 这个团队在创新方面一直离经叛道。
EN: This team has always been unconventional in terms of innovation.

ZH: 只有勇敢离经叛道的人才能取得伟大的成功。
EN: Only those who dare to go against the norm can achieve great success.

ZH: 他在设计方面的理念总是离经叛道，但却很有独特性。
EN: His design concepts are always unconventional, but very unique.

ZH: 这个项目的策略相当离经叛道，但确实取得了惊人的成果。
EN: The strategy for this project is quite unconventional, but it has indeed achieved amazing results.

ZH: 她的音乐创作始终离经叛道，但却备受认可。
EN: Her musical creations have always gone against the norm, but are highly recognized.

ZH: 这部电影的剧情完全离经叛道，让观众眼前一亮。
EN: The plot of this movie is completely unconventional, leaving the audience impressed.

ZH: 该团队在研究方面始终离经叛道，取得了很多突破性的成果。
EN: The team has always been unconventional in their research and has achieved many breakthrough results.

ZH: 这家公司的营销方式颇为离经叛道，但却小有成效。
EN: This company's marketing approach is quite unconventional, but it has had some success.

ZH: 他选择了一条离经叛道的生活道路，但却过得幸福快乐。
EN: He chose an unconventional path in life, but lives happily.

ZH: 这种新的教学方法非常离经叛道，但却对学生有很好的影响。
EN: This new teaching method is very unconventional, but has a great impact on students.

ZH: 某些行为可能会被认为是离经叛道的，但却是必要的。
EN: Some behaviors may be considered unconventional, but they are necessary.

ZH: 我们需要更多敢于离经叛道的人，来推动社会的进步。
EN: We need more people who dare to go against the norm to drive social progress.
