ZH: 他的爸爸四十岁就开始秃顶了。
EN: His father started balding at the age of forty.
ZH: 这个明星七十岁了，却一点都不秃顶。
EN: This celebrity is seventy years old but still has a full head of hair.
ZH: 我的头发逐渐变稀疏了，我担心会秃顶。
EN: My hair is gradually thinning, and I'm worried about going bald.
ZH: 他每天都在照镜子，查看是否有秃顶的迹象。
EN: He looks in the mirror every day to check for any signs of bald spots.
ZH: 秃顶对于女性来说也是一种困扰。
EN: Balding can also be a concern for women.
ZH: 他为了掩盖秃顶，戴着一顶帽子。
EN: In order to conceal his baldness, he wears a hat.
ZH: 最近他开始用药物治疗，希望能够阻止秃顶的进程。
EN: He recently started medication treatment in hopes of stopping his balding process.
ZH: 秃顶并不影响他自信心的积极心态。
EN: Balding doesn't affect his positive attitude and self-confidence.
ZH: 坚持按摩头皮有助于促进头发的生长，减缓秃顶的速度。
EN: Regular scalp massage helps promote hair growth and slow down balding.
ZH: 我们公司经理戴着一顶黑色帽子，据说是为了掩饰秃顶。
EN: Our company manager wears a black hat, reportedly to conceal his bald spot.
ZH: 他打算到外国去植发，希望能够解决秃顶问题。
EN: He plans to go abroad for hair transplant in hopes of solving his balding issue.
ZH: 秃顶问题开始困扰他的心情，他变得越来越自卑。
EN: The issue of balding has started to affect his mood, and he is becoming increasingly self-conscious.
ZH: 有些人选择接受秃顶，认为这是自然的过程，无需遮掩。
EN: Some people choose to embrace baldness, considering it a natural process that doesn't require concealment.
ZH: 他每天都用药水擦拭头皮，希望能够阻止秃顶继续扩大。
EN: He applies scalp lotion daily, hoping to prevent further balding.
ZH: 秃顶并非年龄的确定因素，有些人年纪轻轻就会秃顶。
EN: Balding is not solely determined by age; some people experience it at a young age.
ZH: 不幸的是，他在年轻时就注意到自己开始出现秃顶。
EN: Unfortunately, he noticed his balding at a young age.
ZH: 我的外公秃顶了，所以我也担心自己会遗传这个特点。
EN: My grandfather is bald, so I'm also concerned about inheriting this trait.
ZH: 他的秃顶给他带来了很多尴尬和困扰。
EN: His baldness brought him a lot of embarrassment and distress.
ZH: 尽管他秃顶了，但他对自己的形象很自信。
EN: Even though he is bald, he is confident in his appearance.
ZH: 他选择用发际线下移的方式隐藏秃顶。
EN: He chose to hide his baldness by lowering his hairline.
ZH: 秃顶并不会降低他的魅力，他依然很有吸引力。
EN: Balding does not diminish his charm; he remains attractive.
