ZH: 这个计划目前仍然是秘而不宣的。
EN: This plan is still secret and undisclosed for now.

ZH: 公司高管关于未来发展方向的讨论一直秘而不宣。
EN: The discussion among company executives about future direction has been kept secret and undisclosed.

ZH: 在活动安排上，他们一向秘而不宣。
EN: They have always been secretive and undisclosed about the arrangements for the event.

ZH: 这项研究成果一直秘而不宣，直到最近才被公布。
EN: The results of this research have been kept secret and undisclosed until recently.

ZH: 关于公司的内部变动，他们一直是秘而不宣的。
EN: They have always been secretive and undisclosed about the internal changes in the company.

ZH: 这个项目的资金来源仍然是秘而不宣。
EN: The source of funding for this project is still secret and undisclosed.

ZH: 双方的协议内容一直秘而不宣。
EN: The contents of the agreement between the two parties have been kept secret and undisclosed.

ZH: 那次会议的议程一直是秘而不宣的。
EN: The agenda for that meeting has always been kept secret and undisclosed.

ZH: 这个消息一直秘而不宣，直到被曝光。
EN: This news has been kept secret and undisclosed until it was exposed.

ZH: 对于他的计划，他始终秘而不宣。
EN: He has always been secretive and undisclosed about his plans.

ZH: 这个计划的细节一直是秘而不宣的。
EN: The details of this plan have always been kept secret and undisclosed.

ZH: 他对于自己的想法一直秘而不宣。
EN: He has always been secretive and undisclosed about his thoughts.

ZH: 这个合作协议的内容一直秘而不宣。
EN: The contents of this collaboration agreement have always been kept secret and undisclosed.

ZH: 他们一直秘而不宣关于项目的进展情况。
EN: They have always been secretive and undisclosed about the progress of the project.

ZH: 对于自己的行程，他经常是秘而不宣的。
EN: He is often secretive and undisclosed about his itinerary.

ZH: 这本书的内容一直秘而不宣。
EN: The contents of this book have been kept secret and undisclosed.

ZH: 这起案件的细节一直是秘而不宣的。
EN: The details of this case have always been kept secret and undisclosed.

ZH: 这次活动的目的一直秘而不宣。
EN: The purpose of this event has always been kept secret and undisclosed.

ZH: 公司高管之间的协商内容一直秘而不宣。
EN: The contents of negotiations among company executives have always been kept secret and undisclosed.

ZH: 这家公司的业务计划一直是秘而不宣的。
EN: The business plans of this company have always been kept secret and undisclosed.
