ZH: 这家工厂的产品因为订单不及时送达，导致了大量的积压。
EN: The products from this factory have been piling up due to delayed deliveries of the orders.

ZH: 因为疫情的影响，航运业积压了大量的货物。
EN: Due to the impact of the pandemic, the shipping industry has accumulated a large backlog of goods.

ZH: 由于交通堵塞，城市中心的车辆积压严重。
EN: The vehicles in the city center are heavily congested due to traffic jams.

ZH: 这个商店因为停水导致的进货困难，积压了很多商品。
EN: This store has stocked up a lot of goods due to difficulties in restocking caused by water shortages.

ZH: 手机厂商暂停了生产线，因此积压的库存在不断增加。
EN: The smartphone manufacturer has temporarily halted the production line, resulting in a continuous increase in accumulated inventory.

ZH: 由于大量的退货，这家电商的仓库里积压了很多未处理的商品。
EN: Due to a large number of returns, the warehouse of this e-commerce company is piled up with many unprocessed products.

ZH: 在疫情期间，旅游行业的机票因取消而积压了很多。
EN: During the pandemic, the airline tickets in the tourism industry have accumulated due to cancellations.

ZH: 这个港口因为装卸设备故障，积压了很多集装箱。
EN: The port has accumulated a large number of containers due to equipment malfunctions in loading and unloading.

ZH: 因为大雪封路，山区的货车积压了很多没能及时运送的货物。
EN: Due to heavy snow blocking the roads, many trucks in the mountainous areas have amassed a lot of undelivered goods.

ZH: 这个超市购物车区域因为人流拥挤而积压了很多购物车。
EN: The shopping cart area of this supermarket is packed with a lot of piled-up carts due to overcrowding.

ZH: 由于大规模停电，电力公司积压了很多没能及时供应的电力。
EN: The power company has accumulated a lot of electricity that was unable to be supplied on time due to a large-scale power outage.

ZH: 这个垃圾处理站积压了很多未处理的垃圾，导致了严重的环境问题。
EN: The garbage disposal facility has piled up a lot of untreated waste, leading to serious environmental issues.

ZH: 在节假日期间，旅游景点周围的停车场积压了大量的车辆。
EN: During holidays, the parking lots around tourist attractions are crowded with a large number of parked vehicles.

ZH: 由于供应链中断，这个工厂的原材料积压了很多。
EN: Due to supply chain disruptions, this factory has accumulated a lot of raw materials.

ZH: 由于货物报关延迟，海关积压了很多未放行的货物。
EN: Due to delayed customs clearance, the customs have accumulated a lot of goods that have not been released.

ZH: 这座仓库因为缺乏管理而积压了大量的库存。
EN: This warehouse has accumulated a large amount of inventory due to a lack of management.

ZH: 餐厅因为人手不足，食材积压了很多没能及时加工的食物。
EN: The restaurant has accumulated a lot of unprocessed food ingredients due to a shortage of staff.

ZH: 这个电视台因为制作资源有限，积压了很多尚未播出的节目。
EN: This television station has piled up many programs that have not been broadcasted due to limited production resources.

ZH: 运输公司由于车辆故障，积压了很多没能及时运送的货物。
EN: The transportation company has accumulated a lot of undelivered goods due to vehicle malfunctions.

ZH: 由于大量订单的延迟，这家快递公司积压了很多待派送的包裹。
EN: Due to delays in a large number of orders, this courier company has piled up many packages waiting to be delivered.
