ZH: 听说昨天公司里发生了一件事情，但是我不确定那个消息是否属实，毕竟空穴来风。
EN: I heard something happened in the company yesterday, but I'm not sure if the news is true because there may be smoke without fire.

ZH: 他们听说我们结婚了，可是我们并没有公开宣布，这只是空穴来风。
EN: They heard that we got married, but we haven't made any public announcements, it's just a rumor.

ZH: 这个电视剧的热门演员传出离婚的消息，但目前还没有证据，可能只是空穴来风。
EN: The popular actor in this TV series is rumored to be getting a divorce, but there's no evidence yet, it might just be a rumor.

ZH: 在社交媒体上流传着某明星换新恋情的传闻，但是很多人认为那只是空穴来风。
EN: There's a rumor circulating on social media about a certain celebrity's new romantic relationship, but many people think it's just gossip.

ZH: 许多人认为政府此举只是空穴来风，没有真正的依据。
EN: Many people believe that the government's move is just a baseless rumor without real evidence.

ZH: 那个销售额下降的传言是空穴来风，我们公司依然在稳步增长。
EN: The rumors of declining sales are unfounded, our company is still growing steadily.

ZH: 尽管流言说他通宵工作了一周，但没有人能证明空穴来风的传言的真实性。
EN: Although rumors say that he worked overnight for a week, no one can prove the truth of these baseless rumors.

ZH: 有人传言他是富二代，但从他的生活方式看，我认为那只是空穴来风。
EN: Some people rumor that he is a second-generation wealthy, but judging from his lifestyle, I think it's just groundless gossip.

ZH: 最近有人传播一个关于电影剧情的谣言，但这只是空穴来风，电影并没有被泄露。
EN: Recently, someone spread a rumor about the movie plot, but it's just a rumor, the movie hasn't been leaked.

ZH: 虽然有传言说他被公司开除了，但没有证据证明这只是空穴来风。
EN: Although there are rumors that he has been fired from the company, there is no evidence to prove that it's just a baseless rumor.

ZH: 听说最近有人入侵了这家银行的数据库，但目前没有证据表明这只是空穴来风。
EN: It is said that someone recently hacked into the database of this bank, but there is no evidence to suggest that it's just a rumor.

ZH: 她听说有人在背后议论她，但是她决定不轻信空穴来风。
EN: She heard that someone was gossiping about her behind her back, but she decided not to believe baseless rumors.

ZH: 这起事件引起了媒体的一片炒作，但很多人觉得这种炒作是空穴来风。
EN: This incident has sparked media hype, but many people feel that this hype is just smoke without fire.

ZH: 不要轻易相信别人给你讲的故事，八卦兴致之下，常常是空穴来风。
EN: Don't easily believe the stories others tell you, often rumors are just baseless gossip.

ZH: 他们听说我们的产品质量出了问题，但这只是空穴来风，我们的产品仍然是高品质的。
EN: They heard that our product quality had issues, but it's just a rumor, our products are still of high quality.

ZH: 对于流言的存在，我们不能掉以轻心，但也不应该过分相信空穴来风。
EN: We shouldn't take rumors lightly, but we also shouldn't believe in baseless rumors too much.

ZH: 这个明星在社交媒体上发布了一条澄清消息，否认空穴来风的传言。
EN: The celebrity posted a clarification message on social media, denying the baseless rumors.

ZH: 无论发生什么事情，我们都应该先等待事实的真相，而不是轻信空穴来风。
EN: Whatever happens, we should wait for the truth based on facts, rather than believing baseless rumors.

ZH: 作为一个公众人物，他已经习惯于空穴来风的传言，但他从不真正受其影响。
EN: As a public figure, he has become accustomed to baseless rumors, but he is never truly affected by them.
