ZH: 我觉得自己真窝囊，一点用都没有。
EN: I feel so useless, I can't do anything.
ZH: 他整天窝囊在家里，不愿意出去见人。
EN: He stays at home all day, feeling miserable and unwilling to go out.
ZH: 她觉得自己的工作无趣窝囊，想要找一个新的职位。
EN: She finds her job boring and unsatisfying, and wants to look for a new position.
ZH: 他的窝囊性格让他容易被人欺负。
EN: His weak character makes him easy to be bullied.
ZH: 这个犯人窝囊地躺在牢房里，一点悔改的意思都没有。
EN: The prisoner lies in the cell miserably, without any sign of remorse.
ZH: 偷了那么多钱，他居然还窝囊地不认账。
EN: After stealing so much money, he shamelessly denies it.
ZH: 他心里明明很生气，但是表现得好像无所谓，真是窝囊。
EN: Even though he is actually angry inside, he behaves as if he doesn't care, he's really spineless.
ZH: 窝囊废，就是形容一个一事无成的人。
EN: "窝囊废" is used to describe someone who is useless and has achieved nothing.
ZH: 别什么事情都往我身上扔，我不是你的窝囊。
EN: Don't blame me for everything, I'm not your scapegoat.
ZH: 窝囊在家里不出去，这样只会让你越来越没出息。
EN: Being a couch potato and not going out will only make you more and more hopeless.
ZH: 他对外人态度恶劣，但是对领导窝囊得很。
EN: He treats strangers rudely, but sucks up to his superiors.
ZH: 这个人胆子太小了，总是唯唯诺诺的，真是太窝囊了。
EN: This person is too timid, always meek and submissive, it's really pathetic.
ZH: 他在别人面前总是低声下气地，真是个窝囊鬼。
EN: He is always speaking in a low and submissive voice in front of others, he's really a coward.
ZH: 看到血就晕倒，他真是个窝囊废。
EN: He faints when he sees blood, he's such a wimp.
ZH: 我们不能再守着这些窝囊的规矩，要有自己的主见。
EN: We can't just stick to these useless rules, we need to have our own opinions.
ZH: 别总窝囊地拖延时间，做了决定就要果断执行。
EN: Don't keep procrastinating, once a decision is made, we need to execute it promptly.
ZH: 他虽然努力了，但因为想得太多而导致了窝囊的结果。
EN: Although he tried hard, overthinking resulted in a futile outcome.
ZH: 遇到困难，不要窝囊地退缩，要积极迎接挑战。
EN: When facing difficulties, don't cowardly back down, be proactive and embrace the challenge.
ZH: 她的个性太窝囊，很难在竞争激烈的社会中生存下去。
EN: Her character is too weak, it's difficult for her to survive in the competitive society.
ZH: 做事情要果断，不要窝囊地拖拉，否则会错失机会。
EN: Do things decisively, don't dilly-dally, otherwise you will miss opportunities.
