ZH: 孩子们，竖起耳朵，老师要开始讲故事了。
EN: Kids, listen up, the teacher is about to start telling a story.

ZH: 在会议上，我们都竖起耳朵，认真听领导的讲话。
EN: At the meeting, we all pricked up our ears and listened attentively to the leader's speech.

ZH: 这里有很多秘密，你得竖起耳朵才能听到。
EN: There are many secrets here, you have to perk up your ears in order to hear them.

ZH: 她竖起耳朵听我念了一首诗。
EN: She perked up her ears and listened as I recited a poem.

ZH: 这个孩子的好奇心很强，见到新事物就会竖起耳朵听。
EN: This child has a strong curiosity, and will prick up his ears when he sees something new.

ZH: 我们需要竖起耳朵去倾听别人的意见和想法。
EN: We need to prick up our ears and listen to other people's opinions and ideas.

ZH: 在图书馆里，大家都要竖起耳朵保持安静。
EN: In the library, everyone must perk up their ears and maintain silence.

ZH: 他竖起耳朵听了一会儿，然后才发表自己的看法。
EN: He pricked up his ears and listened for a while before sharing his own opinion.

ZH: 当老师开始上课时，请大家竖起耳朵集中注意力。
EN: When the teacher starts the class, everyone please perk up your ears and concentrate.

ZH: 我告诉他要竖起耳朵听我说，可他却不肯。
EN: I told him to prick up his ears and listen to me, but he refused.

ZH: 即使是小事，也需要竖起耳朵，不可大意。
EN: Even for small matters, it is necessary to perk up your ears and not be careless.

ZH: 那只猫竖起耳朵听到了外面的声音。
EN: The cat pricked up its ears and heard the sound coming from outside.

ZH: 当我说到有奖励时，孩子们都竖起耳朵听得津津有味。
EN: When I mentioned there would be a reward, the children perked up their ears and listened with great interest.

ZH: 她竖起耳朵仔细听，生怕漏掉了任何细节。
EN: She pricked up her ears and listened carefully, afraid of missing any details.

ZH: 遇到重要的事情，我们都会竖起耳朵以防错过重要信息。
EN: When encountering important matters, we will all perk up our ears to avoid missing essential information.

ZH: 当我听到你的消息时，我不禁竖起了耳朵。
EN: I couldn't help but perk up my ears when I heard your news.

ZH: 虽然他坐在远处，但他还是竖起耳朵专心倾听。
EN: Although he was sitting far away, he still perked up his ears and listened attentively.

ZH: 学生们都竖起耳朵听着老师的指示。
EN: The students all pricked up their ears and listened to the teacher's instructions.

ZH: 大家竖起耳朵听那个小朋友的好奇问题。
EN: Everyone perked up their ears and listened to the curious question from the child.

ZH: 在课堂上，我们需要竖起耳朵听老师的讲解。
EN: In the classroom, we need to prick up our ears and listen to the teacher's explanation.
