ZH: 这个电影太粗俗了，我不喜欢。
EN: This movie is too vulgar, I don't like it.

ZH: 别那么粗俗，有点素质行吗？
EN: Don't be so vulgar, can you have some manners?

ZH: 这本小说的描写十分粗俗，缺乏艺术修养。
EN: The descriptions in this novel are extremely vulgar, lacking artistic cultivation.

ZH: 她的语言太粗俗，让人很难接受。
EN: Her language is too vulgar, making it difficult for people to accept.

ZH: 他们一直用粗俗的词语互相调侃，让人十分不悦。
EN: They constantly tease each other with vulgar words, which is very unpleasant.

ZH: 这个笑话真是太粗俗了，一点都不好笑。
EN: This joke is really vulgar, not funny at all.

ZH: 他的举止粗俗，完全没有绅士风度。
EN: His behavior is vulgar, completely lacking gentlemanly demeanor.

ZH: 不要把自己变得粗俗无礼，要保持一种优雅的态度。
EN: Don't become vulgar and rude, maintain an elegant attitude.

ZH: 这首歌的歌词太粗俗了，根本不符合道德标准。
EN: The lyrics of this song are too vulgar and don't meet moral standards at all.

ZH: 他经常说些粗俗的笑话，总是能逗得大家笑个不停。
EN: He often tells vulgar jokes that always make everyone laugh uncontrollably.

ZH: 她表达自己的观点时非常粗俗，缺乏文化修养。
EN: She expresses her opinions in a very vulgar way, lacking cultural cultivation.

ZH: 这部电视剧的情节十分粗俗，缺乏内涵。
EN: The plot of this TV drama is very vulgar, lacking substance.

ZH: 这些广告的内容有点粗俗，会对观众产生不好的影响。
EN: The content of these advertisements is a bit vulgar and will have a negative impact on the viewers.

ZH: 他的幽默方式非常粗俗，不符合社交礼仪。
EN: His way of humor is very vulgar and doesn't conform to social etiquette.

ZH: 我们应该避免使用粗俗的词语，保持文明的上网环境。
EN: We should avoid using vulgar words and maintain a civilized online environment.

ZH: 许多节目的笑点都偏向粗俗，缺乏智慧的幽默。
EN: Many shows tend to have vulgar humor, lacking witty humor.

ZH: 这个酒吧的氛围非常粗俗，不适合我们。
EN: The atmosphere of this bar is very vulgar, not suitable for us.

ZH: 她说话的方式太粗俗，没有礼貌。
EN: Her way of speaking is too vulgar, lacks manners.

ZH: 这个喜剧节目的幽默水平太低，太粗俗了。
EN: The humor level of this comedy show is too low, too vulgar.

ZH: 这个演员的演技很糟糕，常常用粗俗的言辞来搞笑。
EN: This actor's acting skills are awful, often using vulgar words for comedy.

ZH: 我不喜欢他的讲话风格，太粗俗了。
EN: I don't like his way of speaking, it's too vulgar.
