ZH: 他一整天工作下来，感觉精疲力尽。
EN: After working a whole day, he felt exhausted.

ZH: 她为了完成任务，已经精疲力尽了。
EN: She's exhausted from trying to complete the task.

ZH: 这场马拉松让我精疲力尽。
EN: This marathon has left me completely exhausted.

ZH: 孩子们在游乐园里玩了一整天，回到家后都精疲力尽了。
EN: The children played all day at the amusement park, and they were exhausted when they got home.

ZH: 昨晚忙于熬夜工作，今天他看起来精疲力尽。
EN: He looks exhausted today after staying up late working last night.

ZH: 这个星期的工作一直让我精疲力尽。
EN: The workload this week has been draining me.

ZH: 外出旅行后，他回到家时精疲力尽。
EN: After traveling, he arrived home completely exhausted.

ZH: 她照顾病人一整天后，变得精疲力尽。
EN: After taking care of patients all day, she became exhausted.

ZH: 大考之前，他通宵复习，所以精疲力尽。
EN: He stayed up all night studying before the big exam, so he's exhausted.

ZH: 运动会结束后，参赛选手们都精疲力尽地倒在地上。
EN: After the sports event, the participants collapsed on the ground, exhausted.

ZH: 经过漫长的旅行，他终于抵达目的地，浑身精疲力尽。
EN: After a long journey, he finally arrived at his destination, completely exhausted.

ZH: 我们以大家的精疲力尽为代价，成功完成了任务。
EN: We successfully completed the mission at the cost of everyone's exhaustion.

ZH: 他为了完成这个项目，每天都过得精疲力尽。
EN: He has been living in a state of exhaustion every day in order to complete this project.

ZH: 考试的紧张使他感到精疲力尽。
EN: The stress of the exam left him feeling mentally and physically exhausted.

ZH: 长时间的照顾病人让她精疲力尽。
EN: The long hours of caring for the patients left her mentally and physically drained.

ZH: 做家务事、工作和照顾孩子让她变得精疲力尽。
EN: Doing household chores, working, and taking care of the children has made her exhausted.

ZH: 这家公司经过一段时间的艰苦努力后，员工们精疲力尽地实现了目标。
EN: After a period of hard work, the employees of this company achieved their goals, exhausted.

ZH: 他经过多次努力，最终精疲力尽地登上了山顶。
EN: After multiple attempts, he finally climbed to the top of the mountain, completely exhausted.

ZH: 这场战斗过后，战士们都精疲力尽地躺在地上休息。
EN: After the battle, the soldiers lay on the ground, completely exhausted.

ZH: 她在公司里工作了很多晚上，已经精疲力尽了。
EN: She has been working late nights at the company and is already exhausted.

ZH: 大雨之后，我们精疲力尽地完成了房屋修理工作。
EN: After the heavy rain, we completed the house repairs, completely exhausted.
