ZH: 我的生日蛋糕糟透了，看起来一点也不好吃。
EN: My birthday cake is a mess, it looks absolutely unappetizing.

ZH: 昨天下雨了，路面都是泥巴，鞋子糟透了。
EN: It rained yesterday and the road was all muddy, my shoes are completely ruined.

ZH: 我的手机屏幕摔糟透了，完全无法使用。
EN: My phone screen is shattered completely, it's completely unusable.

ZH: 做错了这么多题，我觉得我数学糟透了。
EN: I made so many mistakes, I feel like I am absolutely terrible in math.

ZH: 这部电影糟透了，故事情节一点也不吸引人。
EN: This movie is a disaster, the storyline is not at all appealing.

ZH: 我的健康状况糟透了，我得去看医生。
EN: My health is in a terrible state, I need to see a doctor.

ZH: 这篇文章的语法错误真是糟透了。
EN: This article is riddled with grammar mistakes, it's absolutely awful.

ZH: 被告知晚上要加班，我的计划被搅糟透了。
EN: Being told to work overtime at night messed up my plans completely.

ZH: 这幅画的颜色搭配糟透了，一点美感都没有。
EN: The color combination of this painting is absolutely terrible, it has no aesthetic appeal.

ZH: 我们的旅行被突如其来的暴雨给搅糟透了。
EN: Our trip was completely ruined by an unexpected torrential rain.

ZH: 这首歌的节奏完全搞糟透了，一点都不好听。
EN: The rhythm of this song is completely messed up, it's not pleasant to listen to at all.

ZH: 午饭的服务糟透了，完全没有礼貌。
EN: The service at lunch was absolutely terrible, completely rude.

ZH: 这部电影配乐的选择糟透了，一点也不符合情节。
EN: The choice of music in this movie is absolutely terrible, it doesn't match the storyline at all.

ZH: 老板的决策糟透了，完全不考虑员工的意见。
EN: The boss's decision is a complete disaster, he doesn't consider the opinions of the employees at all.

ZH: 这个项目的进展糟透了，完全不能按时完成。
EN: The progress of this project is a mess, it can't be finished on time at all.

ZH: 这家餐厅的食物调味糟透了，一点儿味道都没有。
EN: The food at this restaurant is absolutely tasteless, it has no flavor at all.

ZH: 这个地方的空气质量糟透了，完全无法呼吸。
EN: The air quality in this place is absolutely terrible, it's impossible to breathe.

ZH: 我的心情糟透了，完全没有办法开心起来。
EN: My mood is absolutely terrible, I can't find any way to be happy.

ZH: 这次考试的成绩糟透了，一点都不理想。
EN: The results of this exam are a disaster, they are far from ideal.

ZH: 这个电视频道的节目糟透了，一点也没意思。
EN: The programs on this TV channel are absolutely terrible, they are not interesting at all.
