ZH: 我们素不相识，你为什么这么热心地帮助我？
EN: We are complete strangers, why are you so eager to help me?

ZH: 我们之间素不相识，但我觉得你很可靠。
EN: We don't know each other at all, but I think you seem trustworthy.

ZH: 她素不相识那个男孩，但他却一直对她很好。
EN: She is a total stranger to that boy, but he has always been kind to her.

ZH: 虽然我们素不相识，但我感觉我们很合拍。
EN: Even though we are complete strangers, I feel like we get along well.

ZH: 他们素不相识，却在一场车祸后成为了好朋友。
EN: They were strangers, but became good friends after a car accident.

ZH: 这对夫妇素不相识，但却被命运紧密联系在一起。
EN: The couple were strangers, but fate has bound them closely together.

ZH: 我与那位演员素不相识，但我却深深地被他的表演打动了。
EN: I am a stranger to that actor, but I am deeply moved by his performance.

ZH: 他们素不相识，却因为共同的兴趣结下了深厚的友谊。
EN: They were complete strangers, but formed a deep friendship through shared interests.

ZH: 虽然我们素不相识，但我相信我们之间会有特殊的联系。
EN: Even though we are strangers, I believe there will be a special connection between us.

ZH: 我们素不相识，但是你却像我失散多年的亲人一样。
EN: We are strangers, but you feel like a long-lost relative to me.

ZH: 她们之间素不相识，但却在海滩上度过了整个快乐的假期。
EN: They were strangers, but spent an entire joyful holiday together at the beach.

ZH: 虽然我们素不相识，但我感觉自己可以信任你。
EN: Even though we are strangers, I feel like I can trust you.

ZH: 我们素不相识，但却有着共同的目标和理想。
EN: We are strangers, but we share common goals and ideals.

ZH: 虽然我们之间素不相识，但我相信我们会成为好朋友。
EN: Even though we are strangers, I believe we will become good friends.

ZH: 他们素不相识，但是在一场灾难之后成为了彼此的支柱。
EN: They were strangers, but became pillars of support for each other after a disaster.

ZH: 虽然我们素不相识，但你对我非常友好。
EN: Even though we don't know each other, you are very kind to me.

ZH: 我们素不相识，但是我感觉我们在前世就有缘。
EN: We are strangers, but I feel like we were destined to meet in a past life.

ZH: 这两个人之间素不相识，但却在火灾中一起拯救了很多人。
EN: The two of them were strangers, but together they saved many people in a fire.

ZH: 我们素不相识，但是我相信我们之间会有特殊的联系。
EN: We are strangers, but I believe there will be a special connection between us.

ZH: 哇，我们素不相识，但你居然给了我这么大的帮助。
EN: Wow, we are strangers, but you have given me such great help.
