ZH: 索性不去参加这个聚会，我不太喜欢这些人。
EN: I might as well not attend this gathering. I don't really like these people.

ZH: 索性放弃了这个项目，因为太花时间了。
EN: I decided to drop this project altogether. It takes too much time.

ZH: 你索性交给我处理这个问题吧，我会尽力解决。
EN: Why don't you just leave this problem for me to handle? I'll do my best to solve it.

ZH: 索性买一套全套的锣鼓设备，这样就可以随时组织表演了。
EN: Might as well buy a complete set of percussion equipment, so we can organize performances at any time.

ZH: 这道数学题太难了，索性不做了。
EN: This math problem is too difficult. I might as well not do it.

ZH: 他要不愿意合作，索性就别勉强他了。
EN: If he is unwilling to cooperate, we might as well not force him.

ZH: 索性把零食都吃光，我不准备节食了。
EN: I might as well finish all the snacks. I'm not planning on dieting anymore.

ZH: 考试刚开始就感觉自己做不出来，索性就交白卷算了。
EN: I felt like I couldn't answer any questions right from the beginning of the exam, so I might as well hand in a blank paper.

ZH: 今天天气这么好，索性去户外运动一下。
EN: The weather is so nice today. I might as well go outdoors for some exercise.

ZH: 索性早点休息吧，明天还有很多事情要做。
EN: I might as well rest early. There are many things to do tomorrow.

ZH: 这本书太难读了，索性放弃。
EN: This book is too difficult to read. I might as well give up on it.

ZH: 索性买一张车票，明天就可以到达目的地了。
EN: I might as well buy a train ticket. I can reach my destination tomorrow.

ZH: 他一个人也无法完成这个任务，索性进行团队合作。
EN: He can't complete this task alone. He might as well opt for team collaboration.

ZH: 这么多问题都无法解决，索性从头开始做一次实验。
EN: Since none of these problems can be solved, he might as well start the experiment again from scratch.

ZH: 饭菜做多了，索性都装好带到公司吃。
EN: There's too much food left. I might as well pack it up and bring it to the office for lunch.

ZH: 肚子饿了，索性去外面吃一顿大餐。
EN: I'm hungry, so I might as well go out and have a big meal.

ZH: 索性从今天开始，就不再拖延工作了。
EN: From today onwards, I might as well stop procrastinating and start working.

ZH: 不会玩这个游戏，索性放弃了。
EN: I don't know how to play this game, so I might as well give up.

ZH: 这部电影太无聊了，索性提前离场。
EN: This movie is so boring. I might as well leave early.

ZH: 索性大家一起合作，提高工作效率。
EN: We might as well work together to improve efficiency.
