ZH: 终究还是要靠自己努力。 (In the end, we still have to rely on our own efforts.)
EN: In the end, we have to rely on our own hard work.

ZH: 他终究还是放弃了自己的梦想。 (He ultimately gave up on his own dreams.)
EN: He ultimately gave up on his own dreams.

ZH: 终究，时间会证明一切。 (Ultimately, time will prove everything.)
EN: Ultimately, time will prove everything.

ZH: 终究要为自己的决定负责。 (In the end, we have to take responsibility for our own decisions.)
EN: In the end, we have to take responsibility for our own decisions.

ZH: 不管怎样，终究会有答案的。 (No matter what, there will eventually be an answer.)
EN: No matter what, there will eventually be an answer.

ZH: 终究让他们失望了。 (In the end, they were disappointed.)
EN: In the end, they were disappointed.

ZH: 终究明白了自己错在哪里。 (Eventually, he understood where he went wrong.)
EN: Eventually, he understood where he went wrong.

ZH: 终究她决定继续前进。 (Ultimately, she decided to keep moving forward.)
EN: Ultimately, she decided to keep moving forward.

ZH: 终究还是得向前看。 (In the end, we still have to look forward.)
EN: In the end, we still have to look forward.

ZH: 终究没有什么是难以克服的。 (Ultimately, there is nothing that is impossible to overcome.)
EN: Ultimately, there is nothing that is impossible to overcome.

ZH: 终究会有好的结果的。 (Eventually, there will be a good outcome.)
EN: Eventually, there will be a good outcome.

ZH: 他终究明白了父母的苦心。 (He eventually understood his parents' hardships.)
EN: He eventually understood his parents' hardships.

ZH: 终究需要更多的时间来决定。 (Ultimately, more time is needed to decide.)
EN: Ultimately, more time is needed to decide.

ZH: 终究还是应该相信自己。 (In the end, we should still believe in ourselves.)
EN: In the end, we should still believe in ourselves.

ZH: 这个问题终究没有简单的答案。 (This question ultimately does not have a simple answer.)
EN: This question ultimately does not have a simple answer.

ZH: 终究他还是选择了离开。 (Ultimately, he chose to leave.)
EN: Ultimately, he chose to leave.

ZH: 终究她明白了真相。 (Eventually, she understood the truth.)
EN: Eventually, she understood the truth.

ZH: 终究需要付出努力才能成功。 (Ultimately, one needs to put in effort to succeed.)
EN: Ultimately, one needs to put in effort to succeed.

ZH: 终究他发现自己的错误。 (Eventually, he realized his mistake.)
EN: Eventually, he realized his mistake.

ZH: 终究不是一个理想的解决方案。 (Ultimately, it is not an ideal solution.)
EN: Ultimately, it is not an ideal solution.
