ZH: 我得绞尽脑汁才能解决这道数学题。
EN: I have to rack my brains to solve this math problem.

ZH: 他们正在为下个月的团队建设活动绞尽脑汁。
EN: They are racking their brains for next month's team building activity.

ZH: 那个问题太难了，我已经绞尽脑汁了，还是没有答案。
EN: That question is too difficult, I have already wracked my brains and still have no answer.

ZH: 这本小说的情节太曲折，作者一定是绞尽脑汁才写出来的。
EN: The plot of this novel is so intricate, the author must have wracked their brains to write it.

ZH: 为了给孩子准备一份特别的生日礼物，我绞尽脑汁寻找了很多选项。
EN: I wracked my brains to find many options for preparing a special birthday gift for my child.

ZH: 他们聚集在一起，绞尽脑汁寻找解决方案。
EN: They gathered together to wrack their brains and find a solution.

ZH: 每当公司面临挑战时，团队总是会绞尽脑汁找到创造性的解决方法。
EN: Whenever the company faces challenges, the team always wracks their brains to find creative solutions.

ZH: 在设计这个项目时，我们绞尽脑汁以确保每个细节都完美无缺。
EN: We wracked our brains to ensure that every detail of this project is perfect.

ZH: 这个难题让我绞尽脑汁，但最终我找到了解决办法。
EN: This difficult problem made me wrack my brains, but in the end, I found a solution.

ZH: 为了给客户提供最佳的解决方案，我们每个人都在绞尽脑汁。
EN: We are all wracking our brains to provide the best solution for the client.

ZH: 这个项目的难度太大，我们花了几天时间绞尽脑汁才找到了解决方案。
EN: The difficulty of this project was too high, it took us several days to wrack our brains and find a solution.

ZH: 面对这个困难，他全身心地绞尽脑汁，最终克服了困难。
EN: Faced with this difficulty, he put all his effort into wracking his brain and eventually overcame it.

ZH: 为了完成这个任务，我们必须绞尽脑汁，找到最有效的方法。
EN: In order to complete this task, we must wrack our brains and find the most efficient method.

ZH: 那个问题很棘手，我们需要绞尽脑汁才能找到解决办法。
EN: That problem is very tricky, we need to wrack our brains to find a solution.

ZH: 在团队会议上，大家绞尽脑汁来提出创意和建议。
EN: During the team meeting, everyone wracked their brains to come up with ideas and suggestions.

ZH: 在每个项目中，我们都必须绞尽脑汁寻找创新的解决方案。
EN: In every project, we must wrack our brains to find innovative solutions.

ZH: 老师为了让学生理解这个概念绞尽脑汁，用了很多不同的方法来解释。
EN: The teacher wracked their brains to help the students understand this concept, using various methods to explain.

ZH: 他花了很多时间和精力绞尽脑汁，才写出了这篇优秀的论文。
EN: He spent a lot of time and energy wracking his brain to write this excellent paper.

ZH: 设计师们绞尽脑汁，为这个家具品牌设计出了独特的系列产品。
EN: The designers wracked their brains to create a unique series of products for this furniture brand.
