ZH: 他先是不耐烦，继而变得生气了。
EN: He was impatient first, then he got angry.

ZH: 我先去银行办理业务，继而到超市购物。
EN: I will go to the bank first, then go shopping at the supermarket.

ZH: 她先是担忧，继而变得沮丧。
EN: She was worried at first, then she became despondent.

ZH: 公司先提出了增加工资的建议，继而要求研究生产成本。
EN: The company first proposed increasing wages, then requested an analysis of production costs.

ZH: 孩子们先玩耍着雪球，继而挖雪洞冒险。
EN: The children were playing with snowballs first, then they dug snow caves for an adventure.

ZH: 我们先去旅行，继而计划购买房子。
EN: We will travel first, then plan to buy a house.

ZH: 父母先是抱怨孩子不听话，继而感叹时光飞逝。
EN: The parents initially complained about the child not listening, then lamented the passing of time.

ZH: 他先忙着处理文件，继而投入到一个重要的会议中去。
EN: He was busy with paperwork first, then he immersed himself in an important meeting.

ZH: 我们先聊天，继而一起观看了电影。
EN: We chatted first, then watched a movie together.

ZH: 公司先是展示了新产品，继而向客户提出预售方案。
EN: The company first showcased the new product, then presented a pre-sale plan to customers.

ZH: 姐妹俩先去购物，继而参加了一个慈善活动。
EN: The two sisters went shopping first, then participated in a charity event.

ZH: 老师先给学生布置了作业，继而组织了一个讨论会。
EN: The teacher assigned homework to students first, then organized a discussion session.

ZH: 我们先度假去海滩，继而决定在山区远足。
EN: We will go on vacation to the beach first, then decide to hike in the mountains.

ZH: 公司先进行了一场座谈会，继而制定了新的发展计划。
EN: The company held a symposium first, then formulated a new development plan.

ZH: 弟弟先是调皮捣蛋，继而认真地学习了英语。
EN: The younger brother was mischievous at first, then he studied English seriously.

ZH: 他们先去游泳池游泳，继而在草坪上野餐。
EN: They went swimming at the swimming pool first, then had a picnic on the lawn.

ZH: 老板先是批评员工的工作表现，继而给予了奖励。
EN: The boss criticized the employees' performance first, then rewarded them.

ZH: 我们先参加了一个会议，继而决定应对市场变化采取行动。
EN: We attended a meeting first, then decided to take action in response to market changes.

ZH: 姐姐先带妹妹逛街，继而一起做了一顿丰盛的晚餐。
EN: The older sister took her younger sister shopping first, then they had a sumptuous dinner together.

ZH: 公司先制定了新的项目计划，继而推出了产品上市的促销活动。
EN: The company first formulated a new project plan, then launched promotional activities for the product launch.
