ZH: 这个产品虽然功能很强大，但是它的缺点是价格太高。
EN: Although this product has powerful functions, its drawback is that it is too expensive.

ZH: 这辆车的性能非常优秀，唯一的缺点就是油耗较高。
EN: This car has excellent performance, the only downside is that it consumes a lot of fuel.

ZH: 这台电脑速度很快，但屏幕的分辨率是它的缺点。
EN: This computer is fast, but the resolution of the screen is its downside.

ZH: 虽然这个地方环境优美，但是缺点是离市区比较远。
EN: Although the environment of this place is beautiful, the downside is that it is far from the city.

ZH: 这本书的内容很有趣，但却不够系统化，这是它的缺点。
EN: The content of this book is interesting, but it lacks systematic organization, which is its downside.

ZH: 这种手机外观很漂亮，但是电池续航时间较短是它的缺点。
EN: This phone has a beautiful appearance, but its short battery life is its downside.

ZH: 她工作认真负责，可惜缺点是有时候不懂得妥协。
EN: She works diligently and responsibly, but her downside is that she sometimes doesn't know how to compromise.

ZH: 这间公寓虽然位置便利，但是隔音效果不好是它的缺点。
EN: Although this apartment is conveniently located, the poor sound insulation is its downside.

ZH: 这种药虽然效果很好，但是嗓子会干燥是它的缺点。
EN: Although this medicine is effective, its downside is that it can cause dry throat.

ZH: 这种颜色很漂亮，但缺点是容易褪色。
EN: This color is beautiful but the downside is that it fades easily.

ZH: 这个项目的实施速度很快，但缺点是缺乏深入的研究。
EN: The implementation speed of this project is fast, but the downside is the lack of in-depth research.

ZH: 她非常善良，可缺点是有时候太好心了。
EN: She is very kind, but her downside is that she is sometimes too softhearted.

ZH: 这个决定虽然看似明智，但缺点是没有考虑到后果。
EN: Although this decision seems wise, its downside is the lack of consideration for consequences.

ZH: 这个餐馆的食物味道很正宗，但是服务态度不好是它的缺点。
EN: The food in this restaurant tastes authentic, but the poor service attitude is its downside.

ZH: 虽然他很厉害，但缺点是缺乏沟通能力。
EN: Although he is very capable, his downside is the lack of communication skills.

ZH: 这个游戏玩法很刺激，但缺点是容易上瘾。
EN: This game is thrilling to play, but its downside is that it is easy to get addicted.

ZH: 这种海鲜味道鲜美，但缺点是价格昂贵。
EN: This seafood is delicious, but its downside is the expensive price.

ZH: 这间酒店环境舒适，但是缺点是Wi-Fi信号不稳定。
EN: The environment of this hotel is comfortable, but its downside is the unstable Wi-Fi signal.

ZH: 虽然他有很多优点，但缺点是缺乏耐心。
EN: Although he has many strengths, his downside is the lack of patience.

ZH: 这种音响音质很好，但缺点是体积过大。
EN: This speaker has good sound quality, but its downside is that it is too bulky.
