ZH: 在处理这个问题时，领导决定网开一面，给员工一个机会改正错误。
EN: In dealing with this issue, the leader decided to turn a blind eye and give the employees a chance to correct their mistakes.

ZH: 有时候，我们需要网开一面，给人们一个挽回错误的机会。
EN: Sometimes, we need to be lenient and give people a chance to redeem themselves.

ZH: 不要总是那么死板，有些事情可以网开一面。
EN: Don't always be so strict, sometimes it's okay to be a little lenient.

ZH: 老师决定网开一面，不扣分毁掉一个学生的整个学期。
EN: The teacher decided to be lenient and not deduct points that would ruin a student's entire semester.

ZH: 他们选择网开一面，原谅了我犯下的错误。
EN: They chose to turn a blind eye and forgive the mistakes I made.

ZH: 我们应该对错过的机会网开一面，继续努力前进。
EN: We should be lenient with missed opportunities and keep moving forward.

ZH: 在这个特殊情况下，他们决定网开一面，给我们一个特例。
EN: In this special circumstance, they decided to make an exception and allow us some leniency.

ZH: 尽管他们违规了，但我们还是选择网开一面，让他们继续参与。
EN: Despite their violation, we still chose to turn a blind eye and allow them to continue participating.

ZH: 他们在面对困难时，总是能够网开一面，不轻易放弃。
EN: They always manage to be lenient and not give up easily when facing challenges.

ZH: 有时候，在问事情上，我们需要网开一面，对待别人。
EN: Sometimes, in matters of love, we need to be lenient towards others.

ZH: 老师在考试中发现作弊行为，却选择网开一面，不直接开除学生。
EN: The teacher found cheating during the exam but chose to turn a blind eye and not expel the student immediately.

ZH: 对于他的过错，你可以网开一面，给他一个重新开始的机会。
EN: You can be lenient with his mistakes and give him a chance to start over.

ZH: 受到挫折时，要给自己网开一面，不要过于苛刻。
EN: When facing setbacks, be lenient with yourself and don't be too harsh.

ZH: 他们决定网开一面，不追究那次意外发生的责任。
EN: They decided to turn a blind eye and not hold anyone responsible for the accident.

ZH: 不要总是执着于对方的错误，有时需要网开一面。
EN: Don't always focus on the other's mistakes, sometimes it's necessary to be lenient.

ZH: 在这种困难境地下，应该多给别人网开一面。
EN: In this difficult situation, we should be more lenient towards others.

ZH: 在竞争激烈的工作环境中，需要网开一面，给自己一点喘息时间。
EN: In a competitive work environment, it's necessary to turn a blind eye and give yourself some breathing space.

ZH: 父母在子女犯错时，应该多给他们网开一面，给予他们改正的机会。
EN: Parents should be more lenient with their children's mistakes and give them a chance to correct themselves.

ZH: 有人选择原谅过去的过错，网开一面，继续向前看。
EN: Some choose to forgive past mistakes, turn a blind eye, and move forward.

ZH: 在友谊中，我们有时候必须网开一面。
EN: In friendship, sometimes we must be lenient.
