ZH: 我要去图书馆，借本书，罢了。
EN: I want to go to the library, borrow a book, and that's it.

ZH: 外面下雨了，我们只能待在家里，罢了。
EN: It's raining outside, so we can only stay at home, and that's it.

ZH: 他努力了一段时间，最终失败了，罢了。
EN: He tried for a while, but in the end, he failed, and that's it.

ZH: 我提出了建议，大家都同意了，罢了。
EN: I made a suggestion, and everyone agreed, and that's it.

ZH: 这个问题很复杂，我们暂时无法解决，罢了。
EN: This problem is very complicated, and we can't solve it for now, and that's it.

ZH: 我们已经尽了最大努力，剩下的就由他自己决定，罢了。
EN: We have already tried our best, and the rest is up to him to decide, and that's it.

ZH: 他先生已经去世了，伤心是伤心，我们也只能接受现实，罢了。
EN: His husband has passed away, it's sad, but we can only accept the reality, and that's it.

ZH: 别再抱怨了，生活本来就不完美，我们只能尽力去适应，罢了。
EN: Stop complaining, life is never perfect, we can only try our best to adapt, and that's it.

ZH: 这件事情已经过去了，我们再议也没有意义，罢了。
EN: This matter is already in the past, it's pointless to discuss it again, and that's it.

ZH: 因为遇到了麻烦，我们的计划变了，罢了。
EN: We changed our plans because we encountered trouble, and that's it.

ZH: 她错过了机会，也只能责怪自己，罢了。
EN: She missed the opportunity, and she can only blame herself, and that's it.

ZH: 我想了很久，最终还是选择了放弃，罢了。
EN: I thought about it for a long time, and in the end, I chose to give up, and that's it.

ZH: 他说了很多空话，最终没有兑现，罢了。
EN: He said a lot of empty words, but in the end, he didn't deliver, and that's it.

ZH: 我们已经经历了很多挫折，不过这仅仅是一段往事，罢了。
EN: We have experienced many setbacks, but that is just a thing of the past, and that's it.

ZH: 她有很多不满，但是无法改变现状，罢了。
EN: She has many grievances, but she can't change the current situation, and that's it.

ZH: 我们已经将这件事情告诉了他，他是否相信，罢了。
EN: We have told him about this matter, whether he believes it or not, and that's it.

ZH: 我们已经做了很多准备工作，现在只需要等待结果，罢了。
EN: We have done a lot of preparation work, now we just need to wait for the results, and that's it.

ZH: 虽然希望小，但是我们还是要尝试一下，罢了。
EN: Although the hope is slim, we still need to give it a try, and that's it.

ZH: 这个问题很难回答，我想不出更好的解决方法，罢了。
EN: This question is difficult to answer, I can't think of a better solution, and that's it.

ZH: 他向我道歉了，既然我们已经解决了问题，那就罢了。
EN: He apologized to me, since we have already resolved the issue, then that's it.
