ZH: 这次旅行很开心，美中不足就是酒店服务有点差。
EN: This trip was enjoyable, but the only downside was the poor hotel service.

ZH: 这本书写的很好，美中不足就是结尾有点仓促。
EN: This book was well-written, but the only flaw was the rushed ending.

ZH: 我们的计划很完美，美中不足就是没考虑到天气变化。
EN: Our plan was perfect, the only flaw was not considering the change in weather.

ZH: 这个手机功能很齐全，美中不足是电池寿命较短。
EN: This phone has great features, but the only downside is the short battery life.

ZH: 这部电影很有趣，美中不足就是剧情有点混乱。
EN: This movie is entertaining, but the only downside is the confusing plot.

ZH: 这家餐厅味道很好，美中不足是价格有点贵。
EN: This restaurant has delicious food, but the only downside is that it's a bit pricey.

ZH: 这个项目有很大潜力，美中不足是执行力有待提高。
EN: This project has great potential, but the only downside is that the execution needs improvement.

ZH: 这份工作待遇很好，美中不足是工作量有点大。
EN: This job has good pay, but the only downside is that the workload is a bit heavy.

ZH: 那次表演很精彩，美中不足就是音响效果不佳。
EN: The performance was amazing, but the only downside was the poor sound quality.

ZH: 这件衣服设计很时尚，美中不足是质量不太理想。
EN: This clothing has a stylish design, but the only downside is the quality isn't great.

ZH: 这道菜味道很好，美中不足是服务有点慢。
EN: This dish tastes great, but the only downside is the slow service.

ZH: 这个软件功能很强大，美中不足是经常出现bug。
EN: This software is powerful, but the downside is that it often has bugs.

ZH: 这个训练课程很有效，美中不足就是课程时间太长。
EN: This training course is effective, but the only downside is that the classes are too long.

ZH: 这个景点很漂亮，美中不足是游客太多。
EN: This attraction is beautiful, but the only downside is that there are too many tourists.

ZH: 这份报告内容很详细，美中不足是排版有点混乱。
EN: This report is detailed, but the only downside is that the formatting is a bit messy.

ZH: 这部电视剧很吸引人，美中不足是演员表现有点生硬。
EN: This TV show is captivating, but the only downside is that the actors' performances are a bit stiff.

ZH: 这家公司很有规模，美中不足是内部沟通有待加强。
EN: This company is large, but the only downside is that internal communication needs improvement.

ZH: 这首歌很好听，美中不足是歌词有点肤浅。
EN: This song is catchy, but the only downside is that the lyrics are a bit shallow.

ZH: 这个计划很周密，美中不足是团队协作有待提高。
EN: This plan is well thought-out, but the only downside is that team collaboration needs improvement.

ZH: 这本杂志内容丰富，美中不足是广告过多。
EN: This magazine is informative, but the only downside is that there are too many ads.
