ZH: 这个设计有点老土，可以不可以再改进一下?
EN: This design looks a bit old-fashioned, can we make some improvements?

ZH: 他穿的衣服有点老土，需要更新一下。
EN: He dresses a bit old-fashioned, he needs to update his wardrobe.

ZH: 这款手机看起来有点老土了，要不要考虑换一个？
EN: This phone looks a bit dated, should we consider getting a new one?

ZH: 她用的口红颜色有点老土，可以试试其他一些更现代的颜色。
EN: The lipstick color she's using looks a bit old-fashioned, she can try some more modern colors.

ZH: 这种盆栽的样式有点老土，可以考虑换成更现代的设计。
EN: The style of this potted plant looks a bit old-fashioned, we can consider changing it to a more modern design.

ZH: 这些家具看起来有点老土，我们应该更新一下。
EN: These furniture pieces look a bit old-fashioned, we should update them.

ZH: 这种穿搭有点老土，需要调整一下。
EN: This outfit looks a bit old-fashioned, it needs some adjustments.

ZH: 这种传统音乐听起来有点老土，你有没有其他更现代的推荐？
EN: This traditional music sounds a bit old-fashioned, do you have any more modern recommendations?

ZH: 这本小说的内容有点老土，没有吸引力。
EN: The content of this novel is a bit old-fashioned, it's not appealing.

ZH: 这种饰品看起来有点老土，可以换成更时尚的款式。
EN: These accessories look a bit old-fashioned, we can switch to a trendier style.

ZH: 他的发型太老土了，可以试试更新的发型。
EN: His hairstyle is too old-fashioned, he can try a more modern one.

ZH: 这个饭馆的装修风格有点老土，需要重新设计。
EN: The decoration style of this restaurant looks a bit old-fashioned, it needs a redesign.

ZH: 这种传统食物看起来有点老土，可以考虑改进一下口味。
EN: This traditional food looks a bit old-fashioned, we can consider improving the flavor.

ZH: 她的交往方式有点老土，需要学习更现代的社交技巧。
EN: Her way of socializing is a bit old-fashioned, she needs to learn more modern social skills.

ZH: 这种礼物包装的方式有点老土，可以尝试更独特的包装设计。
EN: The way this gift is wrapped looks a bit old-fashioned, we can try a more unique packaging design.

ZH: 这个表的样式有点老土，可以不可以换成更时尚的款式？
EN: The style of this watch looks a bit old-fashioned, can we switch to a more stylish design?

ZH: 这种传统房屋的建筑风格看起来有点老土，需要做一些现代化的改进。
EN: The architectural style of this traditional house looks a bit old-fashioned, it needs some modernization.

ZH: 他的思维方式有点老土，需要跟上时代的潮流。
EN: His way of thinking is a bit old-fashioned, he needs to keep up with the trends.

ZH: 这个创意有点老土，需要重新调整一下。
EN: This idea is a bit old-fashioned, it needs to be readjusted.

ZH: 这个商业模式有点老土，需要做出一些创新改进。
EN: This business model looks a bit old-fashioned, it needs some innovative improvements.
