ZH: 由于交通拥堵，我们的计划被耽搁了一小时。
EN: Our plan was delayed for an hour due to heavy traffic.

ZH: 他一直在社交媒体上浪费时间，导致工作耽搁了。
EN: He kept wasting time on social media, causing a delay in his work.

ZH: 老板的突然召开会议将把我们的项目耽搁一整天。
EN: The boss's sudden meeting will delay our project for a whole day.

ZH: 集装箱的递送因为海关检查而被耽搁了两个星期。
EN: The delivery of the containers was delayed for two weeks due to customs checks.

ZH: 我们不能因为细节问题而耽搁整个计划的进行。
EN: We can't let minor issues delay the progress of the entire plan.

ZH: 这个建筑工地因为资金问题而被耽搁了几个月。
EN: This construction site has been delayed for several months due to funding issues.

ZH: 自从老板出差以来，这个项目一直在耽搁。
EN: This project has been delayed ever since the boss went on a business trip.

ZH: 由于机器故障，生产线的工作被耽搁了一天。
EN: The production line was delayed for a day due to machine malfunctions.

ZH: 他们对于决策的犹豫导致了整个项目的耽搁。
EN: Their hesitation in making decisions resulted in a delay in the entire project.

ZH: 这次旅行因为天气不好而被耽搁了两天。
EN: This trip was delayed for two days due to bad weather.

ZH: 他的病情恶化，手术被耽搁了到下周。
EN: His condition worsened, and the surgery was delayed until next week.

ZH: 我不想和你的争议耽搁我们的友谊。
EN: I don't want our disagreement to delay our friendship.

ZH: 交通事故导致了公交车运营的耽搁。
EN: The traffic accident caused a delay in the bus operation.

ZH: 他对于完成作业的态度不认真，经常导致进度的耽搁。
EN: His lack of seriousness in completing assignments often leads to delays in progress.

ZH: 这个项目的实施遇到了意料之外的困难，耽搁了几个月。
EN: The implementation of this project encountered unexpected difficulties, causing a delay of several months.

ZH: 由于物流问题，货物的发货被耽搁了一周。
EN: The delivery of the goods was delayed for a week due to logistics issues.

ZH: 我们必须加快完成时间，不能再耽搁了。
EN: We must speed up the completion time, we can't afford any more delays.

ZH: 他经常故意拖延工作进度，故意耽搁整个团队。
EN: He often intentionally delays the progress of the work, intentionally causing delays for the whole team.

ZH: 这场重要会议因为某个重要客户的到来而被耽搁了。
EN: This important meeting was delayed due to the arrival of a key client.

ZH: 学校因为疫情被耽搁了半年的开学。
EN: The school's reopening was delayed for six months due to the pandemic.
