ZH: 他的父母为了他的教育背井离乡到了城市。
EN: His parents left their hometown for his education and moved to the city.

ZH: 她背井离乡去了国外寻找更好的工作机会。
EN: She left her hometown and went abroad to find better job opportunities.

ZH: 在经济的发展带来的机会面前，很多村民选择背井离乡到城市工作。
EN: Faced with the opportunities brought by economic development, many villagers choose to leave their hometowns for work in the city.

ZH: 她面对着艰难的起步和无数的障碍，也要背井离乡。
EN: She had to leave her hometown despite the difficult start and numerous obstacles.

ZH: 很多人因为经济压力而不得不背井离乡。
EN: Many people have to leave their hometowns due to economic pressures.

ZH: 当地的资源匮乏，村民不得不背井离乡到其他地方打拼。
EN: Due to the lack of resources in the local area, villagers have to leave their hometowns to work elsewhere.

ZH: 他辞去了当地的工作，决定背井离乡到大城市闯荡。
EN: He resigned from his local job and decided to leave his hometown to seek opportunities in a big city.

ZH: 那个小山村的年轻人一个个纷纷背井离乡去追求梦想。
EN: The young people in that small mountain village are leaving their hometown one by one to pursue their dreams.

ZH: 为了养家糊口，他只好背井离乡去广东打工。
EN: In order to support his family, he had to leave his hometown and work in Guangdong.

ZH: 近年来，随着农村的消失，背井离乡的人数越来越多。
EN: In recent years, with the disappearance of rural areas, the number of people leaving their hometowns is increasing.

ZH: 背井离乡是一种决绝的选择，但有时候是不得已的无奈。
EN: Leaving one's hometown is a decisive choice, but sometimes it is a helpless necessity.

ZH: 村里的孩子们出去读书后，很少再回来，背井离乡已成为常态。
EN: After the children in the village go out to study, they rarely come back, leaving their hometowns has become the norm.

ZH: 他和家人一起背井离乡，开始了新的生活。
EN: He left his hometown with his family and started a new life.

ZH: 面对失业潮，他决定背井离乡去外地找工作。
EN: Faced with the wave of unemployment, he decided to leave his hometown to find a job elsewhere.

ZH: 为了更好的教育和生活条件，他不得不背井离乡到城市求学。
EN: In order to have better education and living conditions, he had to leave his hometown to study in the city.

ZH: 虽然离别是痛苦的，但有时候背井离乡是为了更好的未来。
EN: Although parting is painful, sometimes leaving one's hometown is for a better future.

ZH: 她背井离乡，追寻着自己的梦想和事业。
EN: She left her hometown to pursue her dreams and career.

ZH: 他决定背井离乡出去看看世界，开阔视野。
EN: He decided to leave his hometown to see the world and broaden his horizons.

ZH: 背井离乡的辛酸只有当自己亲身经历才能真正体会。
EN: The bitterness of leaving one's hometown can only be truly understood when experienced firsthand.

ZH: 为了逃避战乱，他背井离乡到了邻国避难。
EN: To escape the war, he left his hometown and sought refuge in a neighboring country.
