ZH: 这场战争的胜利果实属于所有参战国家。
EN: The fruits of victory in this war belong to all participating countries.

ZH: 勤奋和坚持是取得胜利果实的秘诀。
EN: Diligence and perseverance are the secrets to achieving the fruits of victory.

ZH: 我们为他们的辛勤努力而取得的胜利果实而感到自豪。
EN: We are proud of the fruits of victory achieved through their hard work.

ZH: 取得胜利果实后，我们要继续努力保持领先地位。
EN: After achieving the fruits of victory, we must continue to work hard to maintain our leading position.

ZH: 政府的努力最终变成了丰硕的胜利果实。
EN: The government's efforts eventually turned into fruitful fruits of victory.

ZH: 他们在比赛中付出了巨大的努力，最终换来了胜利果实。
EN: They put in tremendous effort in the game, which ultimately resulted in fruitful fruits of victory.

ZH: 学习的辛勤付出一定会结出胜利果实。
EN: The diligent efforts in studying will definitely yield fruits of victory.

ZH: 他坚信只要努力，胜利果实就会属于他。
EN: He firmly believes that as long as he works hard, the fruits of victory will belong to him.

ZH: 她没有辞去困难，最终收获了胜利果实。
EN: She didn't give up in the face of difficulties and eventually reaped the fruits of victory.

ZH: 我们一起奋斗，为了取得胜利果实而努力。
EN: We fight together, working hard to achieve the fruits of victory.

ZH: 高效的团队协作是实现胜利果实的关键。
EN: Efficient teamwork is the key to achieving the fruits of victory.

ZH: 他为了取得胜利果实，付出了巨大的努力。
EN: He put in tremendous effort to achieve the fruits of victory.

ZH: 胜利果实的味道是如此甜美，令人陶醉。
EN: The taste of the fruits of victory is so sweet and intoxicating.

ZH: 他们为了胜利果实不惜一切代价。
EN: They spare no effort to obtain the fruits of victory.

ZH: 感谢大家的努力共同取得了胜利果实。
EN: Thanks to everyone's efforts, we have achieved the fruits of victory together.

ZH: 经过不懈努力，终于呈现了胜利果实。
EN: After unremitting efforts, the fruits of victory finally emerged.

ZH: 这份胜利果实充满着酸甜苦辣的回忆。
EN: This fruit of victory is filled with memories of bitterness and sweetness.

ZH: 将来的胜利果实取决于我们现在的行动。
EN: The fruits of future victories depend on our actions now.

ZH: 他毅然决定，不达到胜利果实绝不罢休。
EN: He made a firm decision to never give up until achieving the fruits of victory.

ZH: 他们的勇敢和毅力最终换来了胜利果实。
EN: Their bravery and perseverance eventually resulted in the fruits of victory.
