ZH: 他的情绪能上能下，时而开心，时而沮丧。
EN: His emotions fluctuate, sometimes happy, sometimes sad.

ZH: 这种药能上能下，有时候有效，有时候没用。
EN: This medicine varies in effectiveness, sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.

ZH: 她的学习成绩能上能下，时而优秀，时而平庸。
EN: Her academic performance is inconsistent, sometimes excellent, sometimes mediocre.

ZH: 这个电梯能上能下，不需走楼梯。
EN: This elevator can go up and down, no need for stairs.

ZH: 这条小径能上能下，沿途风景宜人。
EN: This path goes up and down, with pleasant scenery along the way.

ZH: 他的消费观念能上能下，有时候非常节俭，有时候很奢侈。
EN: His spending habits fluctuate, sometimes very frugal, sometimes very extravagant.

ZH: 这个公司的业绩能上能下，时而增长，时而下降。
EN: This company's performance fluctuates, sometimes increasing, sometimes decreasing.

ZH: 他的体重能上能下，时而增加，时而减少。
EN: His weight fluctuates, sometimes increasing, sometimes decreasing.

ZH: 这个老人的精神状态能上能下，有时候兴致勃勃，有时候萎靡不振。
EN: This old man's mental state varies, sometimes lively, sometimes listless.

ZH: 我们的信心能上能下，时而坚定，时而动摇。
EN: Our confidence fluctuates, sometimes strong, sometimes shaky.

ZH: 他的健康状况能上能下，有时候身体很好，有时候不太舒服。
EN: His health condition varies, sometimes very good, sometimes not very comfortable.

ZH: 这个项目的进展能上能下，有时候顺利，有时候出现问题。
EN: The progress of this project fluctuates, sometimes smooth, sometimes problems arise.

ZH: 这辆车的性能能上能下，有时候表现很好，有时候比较差。
EN: The performance of this car varies, sometimes very good, sometimes quite poor.

ZH: 这个城市的气温能上能下，一会儿热，一会儿冷。
EN: The temperature of this city fluctuates, sometimes hot, sometimes cold.

ZH: 这家餐厅的口碑能上能下，有的人赞不绝口，有的人评价很差。
EN: The reputation of this restaurant varies, some people praise it, some people give it a bad review.

ZH: 这个公司的规模能上能下，时而扩大，时而裁员。
EN: The size of this company fluctuates, sometimes expanding, sometimes downsizing.

ZH: 这个作战计划的实施情况能上能下，有时候顺利，有时候遇到阻碍。
EN: The implementation of this combat plan fluctuates, sometimes smooth, sometimes encountering obstacles.

ZH: 这本小说的情节能上能下，有时候扣人心弦，有时候平淡无奇。
EN: The plot of this novel varies, sometimes gripping, sometimes dull.

ZH: 这家店的销售额能上能下，有时候繁忙，有时候冷清。
EN: The sales of this store fluctuate, sometimes busy, sometimes quiet.

ZH: 这个节目的收视率能上能下，有时候高，有时候低。
EN: The ratings of this show fluctuate, sometimes high, sometimes low.
