ZH: 自从我搬到这个城市，我就找到了一份好工作。
EN: Since I moved to this city, I found a good job.

ZH: 自从他得了感冒，他就一直在家休息。
EN: Since he caught a cold, he has been resting at home.

ZH: 自从他赢得冠军，他受到了更多的关注。
EN: Since he won the championship, he has received more attention.

ZH: 自从我们迎来了新老师，学习气氛变得更积极了。
EN: Since we welcomed the new teacher, the learning atmosphere has become more positive.

ZH: 自从她开始健身，她的健康状况有了很大的改善。
EN: Since she started exercising, her health condition has greatly improved.

ZH: 自从他们结婚，他们间的关系更加稳定了。
EN: Since they got married, their relationship has become more stable.

ZH: 自从那个意外，他对开车变得更加小心了。
EN: Since that accident, he has become more careful when driving.

ZH: 自从我去过那个国家，我就对那里的文化产生了浓厚的兴趣。
EN: Since I visited that country, I have developed a strong interest in its culture.

ZH: 自从我买了新电脑，我的工作效率明显提高了。
EN: Since I bought a new computer, my work efficiency has significantly increased.

ZH: 自从公司推出了新产品，销售额翻了一番。
EN: Since the company launched the new product, the sales have doubled.

ZH: 自从我开始吃素，我的体重减轻了很多。
EN: Since I started being vegetarian, I have lost a lot of weight.

ZH: 自从我们参加了旅行团，旅行变得更加方便和有趣了。
EN: Since we joined the tour group, traveling has become more convenient and interesting.

ZH: 自从他们搬到美国，他们的生活质量有了很大的提升。
EN: Since they moved to the United States, their quality of life has greatly improved.

ZH: 自从这家店降价打折，顾客数量明显增加。
EN: Since this store has lowered prices and offered discounts, the number of customers has significantly increased.

ZH: 自从他们建立了合作关系，两公司的业务增长迅速。
EN: Since they established a partnership, the business of the two companies has grown rapidly.

ZH: 自从他们买了新房子，他们的生活环境变得更好了。
EN: Since they bought a new house, their living environment has become better.

ZH: 自从他们养了宠物，家里变得更加热闹了。
EN: Since they got a pet, their home has become more lively.

ZH: 自从我学习了这门课程，我的汉语水平有了明显提高。
EN: Since I started studying this course, my Chinese language proficiency has significantly improved.

ZH: 自从他们组建了团队，他们的项目进展顺利。
EN: Since they formed a team, their project has been progressing smoothly.

ZH: 自从她练习了半年，她的钢琴技巧有了很大提升。
EN: Since she practiced for half a year, her piano skills have greatly improved.
