ZH: 他一直游手好闲，自甘堕落。
EN: He has been idling around, willingly falling into decadence.

ZH: 她不求上进，自甘堕落在贫困中。
EN: She doesn't strive for progress and voluntarily falls into poverty.

ZH: 如果你不努力，只会自甘堕落。
EN: If you don't work hard, you will only fall into decadence.

ZH: 他自甘堕落为了追求一时的快乐。
EN: He willingly falls into decadence in pursuit of temporary happiness.

ZH: 勤劳是对人的一种要求，懒散是自甘堕落。
EN: Diligence is a requirement for people, while laziness is voluntary decadence.

ZH: 这个国家自甘堕落，没能实现经济发展。
EN: This country has voluntarily fallen into decadence and failed to achieve economic development.

ZH: 被困在过去的回忆里，她自甘堕落。
EN: Trapped in the memories of the past, she willingly falls into decadence.

ZH: 他精神衰弱，自甘堕落于酗酒之中。
EN: He is mentally weak and willingly falls into decadence through alcoholism.

ZH: 没有人愿意自甘堕落，都是环境逼迫之下。
EN: No one is willing to willingly fall into decadence; it is all due to the pressure of the environment.

ZH: 艰苦的环境并不意味着自甘堕落，一定要勇往直前。
EN: A difficult environment does not mean willingly falling into decadence; one must forge ahead bravely.

ZH: 健康的人不会自甘堕落，他们会珍惜生命。
EN: Healthy people will not willingly fall into decadence; they will cherish life.

ZH: 父母的期望是我们奋斗的动力，不容自甘堕落。
EN: The expectations of parents are the driving force behind our struggle, and we should not willingly fall into decadence.

ZH: 这个艺术家迷失在名利的追逐中，自甘堕落。
EN: This artist gets lost in the pursuit of fame and fortune, willingly falling into decadence.

ZH: 成功来之不易，不能自甘堕落。
EN: Success is not easy to come by, so we must not willingly fall into decadence.

ZH: 她原本有很大的潜力，却自甘堕落在平庸中。
EN: She originally had great potential, but willingly fell into decadence in mediocrity.

ZH: 在困境中，我们不能自甘堕落，要振作起来。
EN: In difficulties, we must not willingly fall into decadence; we must lift ourselves up.

ZH: 自甘堕落是解决不了任何问题的。
EN: Willingly falling into decadence cannot solve any problems.

ZH: 坚持目标，不自甘堕落是成功的关键。
EN: Persistence in goals and not willingly falling into decadence is the key to success.

ZH: 不要为短暂的利益自甘堕落，要有长远的眼光。
EN: Don't willingly fall into decadence for short-term benefits; have a long-term perspective.

ZH: 自甘堕落会损害自己，要远离这样的行为。
EN: Willingly falling into decadence will harm oneself; one should stay away from such behavior.
