ZH: 他经常一个人在房间里自言自语。
EN: He often talks to himself in the room.

ZH: 她为了帮助自己思考问题，常常自言自语。
EN: She often talks to herself to help her think about problems.

ZH: 我爸爸在花园里自言自语，好像在和花草交流。
EN: My father talks to himself in the garden, as if communicating with the flowers and plants.

ZH: 这个小孩自言自语地唱着歌走过街头。
EN: The child walked down the street singing to himself.

ZH: 据说这位艺术家在创作时喜欢自言自语。
EN: It is said that this artist likes to talk to himself when creating.

ZH: 他自言自语起来，任由他人听不懂。
EN: When he talks to himself, no one can understand him.

ZH: 她心中的纷乱使她不由自主地开始自言自语。
EN: The chaos in her mind makes her start talking to herself involuntarily.

ZH: 他站在窗边，自言自语地叨念着。
EN: He stood by the window, muttering to himself.

ZH: 她在手机上自言自语，好像在和自己的思绪对话。
EN: She talks to herself on her cellphone, as if having a conversation with her own thoughts.

ZH: 当他紧张时，他会自言自语，让自己安抚下来。
EN: When he is nervous, he talks to himself to calm down.

ZH: 这个老人常常嘴里嘟囔自言自语，似乎对生活有许多抱怨。
EN: This old man often mumbles to himself, seemingly complaining about life.

ZH: 她偶尔会自言自语地小声念诵古文。
EN: She occasionally murmurs ancient texts to herself.

ZH: 在困难的时候，他会自言自语地给自己打气。
EN: In difficult times, he talks to himself to encourage himself.

ZH: 在她写作时，她会不自觉地自言自语地与人物对话。
EN: When she is writing, she unconsciously talks to herself in a dialogue with the characters.

ZH: 那个人在独自思考时，经常会自言自语地表达出来。
EN: When that person is contemplating alone, he often expresses himself by talking to himself.

ZH: 面对困境，他习惯了自言自语地找到解决办法。
EN: Faced with difficulties, he has the habit of talking to himself to find solutions.

ZH: 她在看电视时，喜欢自言自语地评论节目。
EN: She likes to comment on television shows by talking to herself while watching.

ZH: 当他感到困惑时，他会自言自语地思考。
EN: When he feels confused, he thinks by talking to himself.

ZH: 当他独自散步时，他经常自言自语。
EN: When he walks alone, he often talks to himself.

ZH: 她做错事时会自言自语地责备自己。
EN: When she does something wrong, she talks to herself, blaming herself.

ZH: 我在学习时会自言自语，这有助于我记忆。
EN: I talk to myself while studying, which helps me remember.
