ZH: 如果你真的喜欢这个包包，就应该舍得花更多的钱买。
EN: If you truly like this handbag, you should be willing to spend more money on it.

ZH: 为了能够去旅行，她舍得辞掉了高薪的工作。
EN: She was willing to quit her high-paying job in order to be able to travel.

ZH: 她舍得牺牲自己的休息时间来照顾家人。
EN: She is willing to sacrifice her own free time to take care of her family.

ZH: 父母舍得付出一切来给孩子提供最好的教育。
EN: Parents are willing to give everything to provide the best education for their children.

ZH: 他真心爱她，所以舍得为她改变一切。
EN: He loves her sincerely, so he is willing to change everything for her.

ZH: 她是个节俭的人，从来不会舍得买贵重的东西。
EN: She is a thrifty person and never willing to buy expensive things.

ZH: 这件衣服太贵了，我不舍得买。
EN: This dress is too expensive, I am not willing to buy it.

ZH: 老师舍得花时间帮助学生解决问题。
EN: Teachers are willing to spend time helping students solve problems.

ZH: 关于学习，你要舍得投入更多的精力。
EN: Regarding studying, you have to be willing to invest more energy.

ZH: 他虽然赚了很多钱，但是却舍不得买新车。
EN: Although he earned a lot of money, he still wasn't willing to buy a new car.

ZH: 她舍得花大价钱买美食，但却省下不必要的开支。
EN: She is willing to spend a lot of money on food but cuts unnecessary expenses.

ZH: 在消费上，我们经常会为了满足欲望而舍得花大钱。
EN: In terms of consumption, we often willingly spend a lot of money to fulfill desires.

ZH: 她是个明智的消费者，舍得花时间比较各种产品的价格和品质。
EN: She is a wise consumer who is willing to spend time comparing prices and quality of various products.

ZH: 他舍得花时间和金钱来追求自己的梦想。
EN: He is willing to spend time and money pursuing his dreams.

ZH: 我舍得放弃这个职位，因为这样才能得到更好的机会。
EN: I am willing to give up this position because it will bring better opportunities.

ZH: 为了能够买到心仪的房子，他舍得长时间积攒钱。
EN: In order to be able to buy the desired house, he is willing to save money for a long time.

ZH: 家人最亲的，才是你最有舍得的。
EN: Only the closest family members are the ones you are most willing to let go.

ZH: 这家餐厅的价格虽然贵，但是菜品好吃，值得舍得。
EN: Although the prices at this restaurant are high, the dishes are delicious and worth spending money on.

ZH: 每个人都应该舍得付出努力来追逐自己的梦想。
EN: Everyone should be willing to make efforts to pursue their dreams.

ZH: 时间是最宝贵的，不要舍得浪费在无意义的事情上。
EN: Time is the most precious, don't be willing to waste it on meaningless things.
