ZH: 他是一个花心的人，总是喜欢同时和多个女朋友约会。
EN: He is a fickle person who always likes to date multiple girlfriends at the same time.

ZH: 她对他的花心感到非常伤心，因为她真诚地对待了他们的感情。
EN: She was very heartbroken by his fickleness because she had treated their relationship sincerely.

ZH: 这个花心的男孩很少能够保持长久的恋爱关系。
EN: This fickle boy rarely manages to maintain long-term relationships.

ZH: 我不喜欢这个花心的男人，他经常变心。
EN: I don't like this fickle man who changes his mind frequently.

ZH: 她一见到花心的男人，就能立刻察觉出他们的本性。
EN: She can immediately perceive the nature of fickle men as soon as she meets them.

ZH: 你不能因为他的花心而放弃对爱的信心。
EN: You should not lose faith in love just because of his fickleness.

ZH: 花心的人很容易伤害别人的感情。
EN: Fickle people are very likely to hurt others' feelings.

ZH: 她常常警告朋友们要小心那些花心的男人。
EN: She often warns her friends to beware of fickle men.

ZH: 这个花心的男孩总是选择富有魅力的女人作为他的对象。
EN: This fickle boy always chooses charming women as his objects of affection.

ZH: 她对他的花心感到非常失望，因为她之前一直相信他是一个可靠的人。
EN: She was very disappointed by his fickleness because she had always believed he was a reliable person.

ZH: 他曾经是一个花心的人，但他已经努力改变自己的行为。
EN: He used to be a fickle person, but he has made efforts to change himself.

ZH: 她不愿意成为一个不辨忠诚的花心女子。
EN: She doesn't want to become an unfaithful and fickle woman.

ZH: 如果你一直花心下去，迟早会孤独一人。
EN: If you continue being fickle, you will end up alone sooner or later.

ZH: 这个花心的男人总是以不同的借口来解释他与其他女人的关系。
EN: This fickle man always comes up with different excuses to explain his relationships with other women.

ZH: 她知道他的花心，但还是选择了相信他能改变。
EN: She knows about his fickleness but still chooses to believe that he can change.

ZH: 他向她保证他不再花心，但她觉得很难相信。
EN: He promised her that he is no longer fickle, but she finds it hard to believe.

ZH: 她希望他能真正认识到自己的花心行为给她带来的伤害。
EN: She hopes that he can truly realize the harm his fickle behavior has caused her.

ZH: 听说他是一个花心的男人，我不太想和他有太多接触。
EN: I heard that he is a fickle man, so I don't want to have too much contact with him.

ZH: 我害怕他对我的感情是一时的花心，而不是真心实意的。
EN: I'm afraid that his feelings for me are just temporary fickleness, rather than genuine affection.

ZH: 她觉得他的花心是因为他不知道自己真正想要什么。
EN: She thinks his fickleness is because he doesn't know what he truly wants.

ZH: 花心的人很难保持稳定的感情，因为他们容易被新鲜感所吸引。
EN: Fickle people find it hard to maintain stable emotions because they are easily attracted by novelty.
