ZH: 改革税制是为了减少苛捐杂税的压力。
EN: Reforming the tax system is aimed at reducing the burden of excessive and miscellaneous taxes.

ZH: 过多的苛捐杂税已经让很多企业无法承受。
EN: Excessive and miscellaneous taxes have already made it impossible for many businesses to survive.

ZH: 政府应该简化税收制度，减少苛捐杂税。
EN: The government should simplify the tax system and reduce excessive and miscellaneous taxes.

ZH: 学生工作赚的钱也被苛捐杂税榨取了一部分。
EN: Students' earnings from work are also taxed by excessive and miscellaneous taxes.

ZH: 政府在过去几年增加了很多苛捐杂税。
EN: The government has increased many excessive and miscellaneous taxes in the past few years.

ZH: 为了激励创业，政府应该减少苛捐杂税。
EN: In order to incentivize entrepreneurship, the government should reduce excessive and miscellaneous taxes.

ZH: 遭受苛捐杂税的企业需要获得更多的支持。
EN: Companies burdened with excessive and miscellaneous taxes need more support.

ZH: 对于小企业来说，苛捐杂税是一个沉重的负担。
EN: For small businesses, excessive and miscellaneous taxes are a heavy burden.

ZH: 让人民承受苛捐杂税只会加重社会不公平。
EN: Forcing people to bear excessive and miscellaneous taxes will only exacerbate social injustice.

ZH: 苛捐杂税使很多人过着贫困的生活。
EN: Excessive and miscellaneous taxes force many people to live in poverty.

ZH: 要减少经济不发展，就必须削减苛捐杂税。
EN: To reduce economic stagnation, it is necessary to cut down on excessive and miscellaneous taxes.

ZH: 政府应该为企业减轻苛捐杂税的负担。
EN: The government should alleviate the burden of excessive and miscellaneous taxes on businesses.

ZH: 大量苛捐杂税使很多人感到绝望。
EN: A plethora of excessive and miscellaneous taxes make many people feel hopeless.

ZH: 为了保护消费者，政府应该控制苛捐杂税的额度。
EN: In order to protect consumers, the government should control the amount of excessive and miscellaneous taxes.

ZH: 许多企业都因为苛捐杂税而破产。
EN: Many businesses have gone bankrupt because of excessive and miscellaneous taxes.

ZH: 若继续实行苛捐杂税，经济将面临更大的困难。
EN: If excessive and miscellaneous taxes continue to be implemented, the economy will face even greater challenges.

ZH: 增加消费税也是一种苛捐杂税。
EN: Increasing consumption taxes is also a form of excessive and miscellaneous taxes.

ZH: 只有在减少苛捐杂税的情况下，企业才能发展壮大。
EN: Only by reducing excessive and miscellaneous taxes can businesses grow and thrive.

ZH: 子虚乌有的苛捐杂税对国家经济造成了极大的伤害。
EN: Imaginary and excessive taxes have caused great harm to the national economy.

ZH: 人民希望政府能推行更加公平和合理的税收政策，减少苛捐杂税。
EN: People hope that the government can implement a more fair and rational tax policy to reduce excessive and miscellaneous taxes.
