ZH:  这个国家的经济发展相对落后。
EN: The economic development of this country is relatively backward.

ZH: 由于缺乏投资，农村地区的基础设施落后于城市地区。
EN: Due to a lack of investment, the infrastructure in rural areas lags behind urban areas.

ZH: 这个学校的教育水平相对落后。
EN: The educational level of this school is relatively backward.

ZH: 这个地方的交通运输网络落后于其他城市。
EN: The transportation network in this area is lagging behind other cities.

ZH: 这个公司的技术设备相对落后。
EN: The technical equipment of this company is relatively outdated.

ZH: 这种传统手工艺正逐渐落后于现代工艺。
EN: This traditional handicraft is gradually falling behind modern technology.

ZH: 这个行业需要加强创新才不会落后。
EN: This industry needs to strengthen innovation in order to avoid falling behind.

ZH: 他们的观念太保守，导致整个团队都落后了。
EN: Their conservative ideas have caused the entire team to lag behind.

ZH: 在科技发展的时代，不学习就会落后。
EN: In the age of technological development, if you don't study, you will fall behind.

ZH: 这个国家在环保方面落后于其他国家。
EN: This country lags behind others in terms of environmental protection.

ZH: 由于缺乏资金，这个农村地区的医疗设施非常落后。
EN: Due to a lack of funds, the medical facilities in this rural area are very backward.

ZH: 这个学院的教学方法比较落后，需要改进。
EN: The teaching methods of this college are relatively outdated and need improvement.

ZH: 缺乏现代化的农业技术，导致农民们的生产方式落后。
EN: The lack of modern agricultural technology has caused farmers' production methods to be backward.

ZH: 在信息时代，如果没有及时更新知识就会被淘汰落后。
EN: In the information age, if you don't update your knowledge in a timely manner, you will be eliminated and fall behind.

ZH: 这个地区的教育资源比较落后，导致学生们的发展受限。
EN: The educational resources in this area are relatively backward, which limits the development of students.

ZH: 政府需要加大投入来改善落后地区的基础设施。
EN: The government needs to increase investment to improve the infrastructure in backward areas.

ZH: 这个国家的医疗服务落后于发达国家。
EN: The medical services in this country lag behind those in developed countries.

ZH: 在全球化的竞争中，不积极进取就意味着被落后。
EN: In the competition of globalization, not being proactive means being left behind.

ZH: 这个行业的技术水平远落后于其他行业。
EN: The technological level of this industry is far behind that of other industries.

ZH: 这家公司需要进行技术改革，以免被市场所落后。
EN: This company needs to carry out technological reforms in order to avoid being left behind by the market.
