ZH: 公司的董事会决定了下一步的战略计划。
EN: The board of directors of the company decided on the next strategic plan.

ZH: 这位董事长是一位资深的商界领袖。
EN: The chairman of the board of directors is a seasoned business leader.

ZH: 作为董事会成员，他有权参与企业重大决策。
EN: As a member of the board of directors, he has the right to participate in major business decisions.

ZH: 她在董事会上发表了重要的观点。
EN: She made important points at the board meeting.

ZH: 公司的董事们一致同意了新产品的推出计划。
EN: The company's directors unanimously agreed on the plan to launch a new product.

ZH: 这位董事对公司的未来充满信心。
EN: This director is confident about the future of the company.

ZH: 他是公司的董事长，拥有决定公司方向的权力。
EN: He is the chairman of the board of directors and has the power to determine the company's direction.

ZH: 董事们正在研究战略性投资的方案。
EN: The directors are studying strategic investment proposals.

ZH: 她是公司最年轻的董事，但却给出了很多有益的建议。
EN: She is the youngest director of the company, but she has given many helpful suggestions.

ZH: 董事会将在下个月召开紧急会议。
EN: The board of directors will hold an emergency meeting next month.

ZH: 公司的董事包括了资深的商业人士和专家。
EN: The company's board of directors includes seasoned business professionals and experts.

ZH: 董事们就公司的战略方向存在分歧。
EN: The directors have differences of opinion on the company's strategic direction.

ZH: 总裁需要经常向董事会汇报公司的运营情况。
EN: The CEO needs to report the company's operations to the board of directors regularly.

ZH: 董事们正在评估公司的财务状况。
EN: The directors are evaluating the company's financial situation.

ZH: 公司的董事们每季度都会召开一次会议。
EN: The company's directors hold a quarterly meeting.

ZH: 董事会已经批准了新产品的研发预算。
EN: The board of directors has approved the research and development budget for the new product.

ZH: 董事表决通过了公司的收购计划。
EN: The directors voted for the company's acquisition plan.

ZH: 公司的董事会对市场竞争形势有着清晰的认识。
EN: The company's board of directors has a clear understanding of the market competition.

ZH: 董事们就员工福利问题进行了讨论。
EN: The directors discussed employee benefits.

ZH: 公司正在评选新的董事会成员。
EN: The company is selecting new members of the board of directors.
