ZH: 虽说他表面上无所谓，其实他内心里很在乎。
EN: Although he seems indifferent on the surface, deep down he actually cares a lot.

ZH: 虽说他年纪轻，但他非常有经验。
EN: Although he is young, he is very experienced.

ZH: 虽说天气不错，但我还是宁愿待在家里。
EN: Although the weather is nice, I would rather stay at home.

ZH: 虽说他并不善于表达，但他对我很关心。
EN: Although he is not good at expressing himself, he cares about me a lot.

ZH: 虽说他常常迟到，但他的工作质量很高。
EN: Although he is often late, the quality of his work is high.

ZH: 虽说他有时候很固执，但他的观点往往很有道理。
EN: Although he is sometimes stubborn, his views are often reasonable.

ZH: 虽说他没有多大财产，但他的人生经历非常丰富。
EN: Although he doesn't have much wealth, his life experiences are very rich.

ZH: 虽说他没有接触过这个领域，但他很快就掌握了相关知识。
EN: Although he has never been exposed to this field, he quickly mastered the relevant knowledge.

ZH: 虽说这个计划有一些缺点，但总体来说还是可行的。
EN: Although this plan has some flaws, overall it is still feasible.

ZH: 虽说他有时候态度强硬，但他总是为大家着想。
EN: Although he is sometimes firm in his attitude, he always considers everyone's interests.

ZH: 虽说他的建议有点冒进，但我们不妨试一试。
EN: Although his suggestion is a bit radical, we can give it a try.

ZH: 虽说这部电影剧情比较简单，但它给人很深的思考。
EN: Although the plot of this movie is simple, it provokes deep thinking.

ZH: 虽说他的观点不太受欢迎，但他依然坚持自己的看法。
EN: Although his views are not very popular, he still insists on his opinion.

ZH: 虽说这个项目的进展比较慢，但我们会尽力加快速度。
EN: Although the progress of this project is relatively slow, we will try our best to speed it up.

ZH: 虽说他的话有些伤人，但他并没有恶意。
EN: Although his words can be hurtful, he doesn't mean any harm.

ZH: 虽说她没有过多的知识，但她的直觉很准确。
EN: Although she doesn't have much knowledge, her intuition is accurate.

ZH: 虽说他在团队中担任辅助角色，但他起到了关键作用。
EN: Although he plays a supporting role in the team, he plays a crucial role.

ZH: 虽说这个城市很拥挤，但它有丰富多彩的文化。
EN: Although this city is crowded, it has a rich and diverse culture.

ZH: 虽说这个问题不太容易解决，但我们还是可以找到方法的。
EN: Although this problem is not easy to solve, we can still find a way.

ZH: 虽说这个产品有一些缺陷，但它的性价比很高。
EN: Although this product has some flaws, it has a high cost-performance ratio.
