ZH: 街谈巷议，人们都在谈论最近的政治事件。
EN: The talk of the town, people are discussing the recent political events.

ZH: 街谈巷议，有人传闻公司即将倒闭。
EN: The talk of the town, there are rumors that the company is about to go bankrupt.

ZH: 街谈巷议，大家都在议论这次选举的结果。
EN: The talk of the town, everyone is discussing the outcome of the election.

ZH: 街谈巷议，传言说这个夫妻要离婚了。
EN: The talk of the town, rumors say that this couple is getting a divorce.

ZH: 街谈巷议，居民们都在谈论这个新建筑项目。
EN: The talk of the town, residents are discussing this new construction project.

ZH: 街谈巷议，大家都在议论这个音乐会的表现如何。
EN: The talk of the town, everyone is discussing how the concert went.

ZH: 街谈巷议，有人说这个城市将推出新的环保政策。
EN: The talk of the town, some say that this city is going to introduce new environmental policies.

ZH: 街谈巷议，人们都在议论这家餐厅的食物质量。
EN: The talk of the town, people are discussing the food quality at this restaurant.

ZH: 街谈巷议，传闻这所学校将进行大规模的改革。
EN: The talk of the town, rumors say that this school is going to undergo a major reform.

ZH: 街谈巷议，有人在讨论这个城市的治安问题。
EN: The talk of the town, some are discussing the public safety issues in this city.

ZH: 街谈巷议，大家都在谈论这次体育比赛的结果。
EN: The talk of the town, everyone is discussing the outcome of the sports game.

ZH: 街谈巷议，传言这个新公司的老板很有野心。
EN: The talk of the town, rumors say that the owner of this new company is very ambitious.

ZH: 街谈巷议，居民们都在议论这个社区的未来发展。
EN: The talk of the town, residents are discussing the future development of this community.

ZH: 街谈巷议，有人在讨论这个商业区的繁荣程度。
EN: The talk of the town, some are discussing the level of prosperity in this business district.

ZH: 街谈巷议，传闻这个明星和他的经纪人关系紧张。
EN: The talk of the town, rumors say that this celebrity has a strained relationship with his manager.

ZH: 街谈巷议，大家都在议论这次政府的政策调整。
EN: The talk of the town, everyone is discussing the government's policy adjustments.

ZH: 街谈巷议，有人传闻这所医院将被并入大型医疗集团。
EN: The talk of the town, there are rumors that this hospital will be merged into a large healthcare group.

ZH: 街谈巷议，人们都在谈论这个新展览的主题。
EN: The talk of the town, people are discussing the theme of this new exhibition.

ZH: 街谈巷议，传言说这个建筑商将投资建造一座大型购物中心。
EN: The talk of the town, rumors say that this developer will invest in building a large shopping center.

ZH: 街谈巷议，有人在议论这个城市的文化氛围。
EN: The talk of the town, some are discussing the cultural atmosphere of this city.
