ZH: 我想给她表白，但是我太紧张了。
EN: I want to confess my love to her, but I'm too nervous.

ZH: 他终于鼓起了勇气，向她表白了。
EN: He finally gathered the courage to confess his feelings to her.

ZH: 她一直对他有好感，但是不敢主动表白。
EN: She has always had a crush on him but is too afraid to confess.

ZH: 今天是个好日子，我打算给他表白。
EN: Today is a good day, I plan to confess my love to him.

ZH: 表白是一种勇气，需要大胆追求自己的爱情。
EN: Confessing one's love is an act of courage, it requires boldly pursuing one's feelings.

ZH: 他在生日那天向她表白，给她一个惊喜的礼物。
EN: He confessed his love to her on her birthday, giving her a surprise gift.

ZH: 我一直暗恋着他，但还没有找到合适的机会表白。
EN: I have been secretly in love with him, but haven't found the right opportunity to confess.

ZH: 如果你喜欢他，就应该勇敢地向他表白。
EN: If you like him, you should bravely confess your feelings to him.

ZH: 她勇敢地向他表白，却被他拒绝了。
EN: She bravely confessed her love to him, but he rejected her.

ZH: 她对他藏着不少的情意，但还没有勇气表白。
EN: She has a lot of feelings for him, but hasn't gathered the courage to confess yet.

ZH: 今天是个好日子，我要毫不犹豫地向她表白。
EN: Today is a good day, I will confidently confess my love to her without hesitation.

ZH: 他在情人节那天选择了表白，希望能够得到她的回应。
EN: He chose to confess his love on Valentine's Day, hoping to get a response from her.

ZH: 她等了很久，终于鼓起勇气向他表白。
EN: She waited for a long time and finally gathered the courage to confess her feelings to him.

ZH: 表白不仅是告诉对方自己的感受，也是为了向爱情表达诚意。
EN: Confessing one's love is not only about telling the other person your feelings, but also expressing sincerity towards love.

ZH: 他虽然知道她对他有好感，但还是害怕表白。
EN: Even though he knows she has feelings for him, he is still afraid to confess.

ZH: 她向他表白时，心跳得厉害，不知道他会作何反应。
EN: Her heart was pounding when she confessed her feelings to him, unsure of how he would react.

ZH: 如果你不表白，就永远不会知道对方是否有同样的感觉。
EN: If you don't confess, you will never know if the other person has the same feelings.

ZH: 她向他表白时，他的脸上露出了开心的笑容。
EN: When she confessed her feelings to him, a happy smile appeared on his face.

ZH: 他感到非常幸运，因为他有机会向她表白。
EN: He feels very lucky because he has the opportunity to confess his love to her.

ZH: 如果你真心喜欢她，不妨试试表白，也许会有意想不到的结果。
EN: If you really like her, why not give confessing a try? There might be unexpected results.
