ZH: 她一直喜欢装模作样，让人感觉她很了不起。
EN: She always likes to put on airs and make herself seem impressive.

ZH: 他为了展示自己的地位，常常装模作样。
EN: He often puts on airs to show off his status.

ZH: 她总是装模作样地说话，让人觉得很假。
EN: She always speaks in a pretentious way that makes people feel fake.

ZH: 他装模作样地走路，好像在舞台上表演一样。
EN: He walks in a pretentious manner, as if performing on stage.

ZH: 她只是在装模作样地笑，其实并不喜欢这个笑话。
EN: She is just putting on a pretentious smile, but she doesn't actually like the joke.

ZH: 他总是喜欢装模作样地夸大自己的成就。
EN: He always likes to exaggerate his achievements in a pretentious way.

ZH: 她的朋友们都知道她喜欢装模作样，但还是很喜欢她。
EN: Her friends all know that she likes to put on airs, but they still like her.

ZH: 老板装模作样地批评员工，让他们感到很不舒服。
EN: The boss criticizes the employees in a pretentious way, making them feel uncomfortable.

ZH: 她不喜欢那种装模作样的人，觉得他们虚伪。
EN: She doesn't like people who put on airs, she thinks they are hypocritical.

ZH: 这家店的销售员总是喜欢装模作样地推销产品。
EN: The salesperson in this store always likes to put on airs when promoting products.

ZH: 她妹妹总是喜欢在家里装模作样，像个小公主一样。
EN: Her little sister always likes to put on airs at home, like a little princess.

ZH: 他不喜欢那些总是装模作样、喋喋不休的人。
EN: He doesn't like people who are always putting on airs and talking endlessly.

ZH: 老板对员工的批评总是装模作样的，让人难以接受。
EN: The boss's criticism of the employees is always in a pretentious way, making it hard to accept.

ZH: 她喜欢在社交场合装模作样，似乎表现得很高贵。
EN: She likes to put on airs in social situations, appearing very noble.

ZH: 他总是戴着墨镜装模作样，好像是个大明星。
EN: He always wears sunglasses in a pretentious way, as if he were a big star.

ZH: 她为了掩盖自己的不安全感，常常装模作样。
EN: She often puts on airs to cover up her insecurities.

ZH: 他总是喜欢在公共场合装模作样，好像是谁都认识他一样。
EN: He always likes to put on airs in public places, as if everyone knows him.

ZH: 她总是把自己涂满化妆品，装模作样地要看起来完美无缺。
EN: She always covers herself in makeup, pretending to look flawless.

ZH: 警察对嫌疑犯的审讯是装模作样的，试图吓唬他们。
EN: The police interrogation of the suspects is in a pretentious way, trying to scare them.

ZH: 她总是在家里装模作样地练习演讲，希望说话更有说服力。
EN: She always practices speaking at home in a pretentious way, hoping to be more convincing.
