ZH: 这个公司的老板和政府官员之间存在着裙带关系。
EN: There is a close relationship between the boss of this company and government officials.

ZH: 这个项目的成功与某些高层领导间的裙带关系有关。
EN: The success of this project is related to the connections between certain top leaders.

ZH: 知识产权领域经常存在着裙带关系。
EN: There are often close relationships in the field of intellectual property.

ZH: 他的晋升完全是因为他的家庭裙带关系。
EN: His promotion is entirely due to his family connections.

ZH: 这种裙带关系在政府部门里很常见。
EN: Such connections are very common in government departments.

ZH: 这位企业家依靠裙带关系才成功进入政界。
EN: This entrepreneur only succeeded in entering politics through his connections.

ZH: 在这个行业，想要成功就必须和关系户建立裙带关系。
EN: To succeed in this industry, you must establish connections with influential people.

ZH: 要在这个领域取得突破，就得学会利用裙带关系。
EN: To make a breakthrough in this field, you have to learn how to use connections.

ZH: 这家公司之所以能够获得项目，和负责人的裙带关系起了很大作用。
EN: The reason why this company was able to get the project was due to the close relationships of the person in charge.

ZH: 许多人因为没裙带关系而碌碌无为。
EN: Many people are mediocre because they lack connections.

ZH: 他明明没有什么实力，却凭借家族的裙带关系赢得了这个职位。
EN: He clearly has no skills, but he won this position through his family connections.

ZH: 这位官员借助裙带关系却变得越来越强大。
EN: This official has become increasingly powerful by using connections.

ZH: 他的事业蒸蒸日上全靠他那些裙带关系。
EN: His career is thriving all thanks to his connections.

ZH: 这次选举中，裙带关系对结果产生了决定性影响。
EN: Connections had a decisive impact on the outcome of this election.

ZH: 他的家庭裙带关系在他创业的过程中发挥了重要作用。
EN: His family connections played a crucial role in his entrepreneurial process.

ZH: 这些大企业之所以能够在市场上崭露头角，很大程度上也和裙带关系有关。
EN: The reason why these big companies can stand out in the market is also largely related to their connections.

ZH: 在这个圈子里，想要获得资源就必须有一定的裙带关系。
EN: In this circle, you must have certain connections to gain resources.

ZH: 他的成功并非靠的是实力，而是依赖裙带关系。
EN: His success is not based on ability, but on connections.

ZH: 对于普通人来说，要打破这种裙带关系的现状并不容易。
EN: For ordinary people, it is not easy to break the current situation of connections.

ZH: 在这个体制内，裙带关系几乎无处不在。
EN: Connections are almost everywhere in this system.
