ZH: 我们受邀观摩了一场篮球比赛。
EN: We were invited to observe a basketball game.

ZH: 在这次学术研讨会上，我们将观摩不同领域的专家演讲。
EN: During this academic conference, we will observe lectures by experts from different fields.

ZH: 他们去国外观摩了一段时间的农业技术。
EN: They went abroad to observe agricultural techniques for some time.

ZH: 在我国的电影市场，大量的外国电影被观摩和学习。
EN: In our country's film market, a large number of foreign films are observed and studied.

ZH: 我们将组织学生们到医院观摩手术过程。
EN: We will organize students to observe surgical procedures at the hospital.

ZH: 我们来匆匆观摩了你们的运动表演。
EN: We quickly observed your sports performance.

ZH: 让我们一起去观摩名画的展览吧。
EN: Let's go together to observe the exhibition of famous paintings.

ZH: 这个项目的教师将去其他学校观摩教学模式。
EN: The teachers of this project will go to other schools to observe teaching models.

ZH: 孩子们被允许去动物园观摩野生动物。
EN: The children are allowed to go to the zoo to observe wild animals.

ZH: 我们可以随同老师到博物馆观摩古董展览。
EN: We can accompany the teacher to the museum to observe antique exhibitions.

ZH: 学生们到舞台后方观摩了芭蕾表演。
EN: The students observed the ballet performance from behind the stage.

ZH: 这个时装设计师去时尚周观摩其他设计师的作品。
EN: This fashion designer went to fashion week to observe other designers' works.

ZH: 在大学期间，我们会观摩一些工厂和企业的生产流程。
EN: During university, we will observe the production process of some factories and companies.

ZH: 让我们去音乐厅观摩一场交响乐演出。
EN: Let's go to the concert hall to observe a symphony performance.

ZH: 在这次观摩中，我们将深入了解农村发展的实际情况。
EN: During this observation, we will gain a deeper understanding of the actual situation of rural development.

ZH: 我们安排了一次游览，可以观摩传统手工艺品的制作过程。
EN: We organized a tour where participants can observe the production process of traditional handicrafts.

ZH: 在实习中，学生们有机会去观摩一些卓越的企业管理案例。
EN: During the internship, students have the opportunity to observe excellent business management cases.

ZH: 我们将去学校观摩其他班级的知识展示活动。
EN: We will go to the school to observe knowledge display activities of other classes.

ZH: 请允许我去观摩你们公司的创新产品展示会。
EN: Please allow me to observe your company's innovative product exhibition.

ZH: 我们专程到这家餐厅去观摩如何烹饪地道菜肴。
EN: We specifically came to this restaurant to observe how to cook authentic dishes.

ZH: 在参观工地时，我们会观摩施工人员的技术操作。
EN: During the visit to the construction site, we will observe the technical operations of the construction workers.
