ZH: 她见到他时，脸上浮现出讪讪的笑容。
EN: When she saw him, an awkward smile appeared on her face.

ZH: 他尴尬地笑着，眼神里透露出一丝讪讪。
EN: He laughed awkwardly, with a hint of embarrassment in his eyes.

ZH: 她走路时，总是讪讪地低着头。
EN: She always walks with her head down, looking awkward.

ZH: 他在困境中，毫无办法，只能讪讪地笑笑。
EN: He was in a difficult situation and could only smile awkwardly.

ZH: 她听到别人赞美，感到有些讪讪，不知道如何回应。
EN: When she heard someone compliment her, she felt awkward and didn't know how to respond.

ZH: 在他的提问下，她变得讪讪起来，回答得结结巴巴。
EN: Under his questioning, she became awkward and answered stutteringly.

ZH: 他在众人面前被揭穿，只能讪讪地认错。
EN: He was exposed in front of everyone and could only awkwardly admit his mistake.

ZH: 她不小心打翻了水杯后，讪讪地向服务员道了歉。
EN: After accidentally knocking over a glass of water, she awkwardly apologized to the waiter.

ZH: 他掉了一跤，站起来后尴尬地讪讪笑了笑。
EN: After falling down, he awkwardly stood up and gave an embarrassed smile.

ZH: 在面对领导的质疑时，他显得有些讪讪，不知道如何解释。
EN: When facing the leader's questioning, he seemed a little awkward and didn't know how to explain.

ZH: 她不擅长表达感情，只能以讪讪的方式表示内心的愧疚。
EN: She is not good at expressing her emotions, so she could only express her inner guilt in an awkward manner.

ZH: 他收到了一个突如其来的礼物，讪讪地接受了，不知道该说什么。
EN: He received a surprise gift and awkwardly accepted it, not knowing what to say.

ZH: 在人群中，他显得有些讪讪，不善于与陌生人交流。
EN: In the crowd, he seemed a little awkward and not good at communicating with strangers.

ZH: 这个笑话让大家都感到有些讪讪，不好意思笑出声音。
EN: This joke made everyone feel a little awkward, reluctant to laugh out loud.

ZH: 她在面对老师的批评时，讪讪地低下了头。
EN: When facing the teacher's criticism, she awkwardly lowered her head.

ZH: 面对挑战，他讪讪地说：“我会努力的。”
EN: Faced with a challenge, he awkwardly said, "I will try my best."

ZH: 在结业典礼上，他的发言让人觉得有些讪讪，不知道如何回应。
EN: At the graduation ceremony, his speech made people feel a little awkward and uncertain how to respond.

ZH: 她面对老板的质问，无言以对，只能讪讪地笑笑。
EN: Faced with the boss's questioning, she had no words and could only smile awkwardly.

ZH: 他被人捉弄后，讪讪地嘟囔了一声，然后离开了。
EN: After being teased by someone, he muttered awkwardly and then left.

ZH: 在孩子们的眼中，他是个有些讪讪的爸爸，但是他们依然喜欢他。
EN: In the eyes of the children, he is a somewhat awkward dad, but they still love him.
