ZH: 1. 我们需要设置一个新的密码来保护我们的账户。
EN: We need to set up a new password to protect our account.
ZH: 2. 请问你可以帮我设置一下电视机吗？
EN: Can you help me set up the television, please?
ZH: 3. 为了提高工作效率，我设置了一个每天早晨的提醒。
EN: To improve work efficiency, I set up a daily morning reminder.
ZH: 4. 我计划在客厅里设置一套音响系统。
EN: I plan to set up a sound system in the living room.
ZH: 5. 请按照说明书上的步骤设置网络连接。
EN: Please follow the steps in the instruction manual to set up the network connection.
ZH: 6. 我们需要设置一个警报器，以防止入侵。
EN: We need to set up an alarm system to prevent break-ins.
ZH: 7. 我们应该在企业内设置一个绿化带来改善工作环境。
EN: We should set up a green zone within the company to improve the working environment.
ZH: 8. 我会设置一个自动回复，因为我暂时不能回复你的消息。
EN: I will set up an auto-reply because I can't reply to your message at the moment.
ZH: 9. 我想设置一个定时器，每天早上叫醒我。
EN: I want to set up a timer to wake me up every morning.
ZH: 10. 咖啡机的压力可以通过设置调节。
EN: The pressure of the coffee machine can be adjusted by setting.
ZH: 11. 我们需要在公共场所设置更多的安全摄像头。
EN: We need to set up more security cameras in public places.
ZH: 12. 我会在手机上设置一个提醒，通知我下一次会议的时间。
EN: I will set up a reminder on my phone to notify me of the next meeting time.
ZH: 13. 我们需要设置一个新的局域网来连接所有的电脑。
EN: We need to set up a new LAN to connect all the computers.
ZH: 14. 为了提高会议效率，我们每个人会设置一个时间限制。
EN: In order to improve the efficiency of the meeting, each of us will set a time limit.
ZH: 15. 我们计划在室外设置几个遮阳伞，以便员工有地方休息。
EN: We plan to set up several parasols outdoors so that employees have a place to rest.
ZH: 16. 为了方便学生，我们在教室里设置了一个书架。
EN: To facilitate students, we have set up a bookshelf in the classroom.
ZH: 17. 能否请你帮忙设置一下电脑的屏幕亮度？
EN: Could you please help me adjust the screen brightness of the computer?
ZH: 18. 我必须设置一个密码才能解锁手机。
EN: I have to set up a password to unlock the phone.
ZH: 19. 为了提供更好的服务，我们为顾客设置了一个投诉热线电话。
EN: To provide better service, we have set up a hotline for customer complaints.
ZH: 20. 我们应设置一个儿童安全锁，以防止意外发生。
EN: We should set up a child safety lock to prevent accidents from happening.
