ZH: 为了更好地服务顾客，公司将试行24小时营业制度。
EN: In order to better serve customers, the company will implement a 24-hour business operation system.

ZH: 政府将试行新的交通管理规定，以提高道路安全。
EN: The government will implement new traffic regulations to improve road safety.

ZH: 为了减少能源消耗，学校将试行能源节约计划。
EN: To reduce energy consumption, the school will implement an energy-saving plan.

ZH: 公司将试行弹性工作时间，让员工更加灵活安排工作。
EN: The company will implement flexible working hours to allow employees to schedule work more flexibly.

ZH: 警方决定试行新的犯罪预防措施，以减少犯罪率。
EN: The police have decided to implement new crime prevention measures to reduce crime rates.

ZH: 医院将试行电子病历系统，以提高医疗服务效率。
EN: The hospital will implement an electronic medical records system to improve medical service efficiency.

ZH: 为了保护环境，城市计划试行垃圾分类制度。
EN: In order to protect the environment, the city plans to implement a waste sorting system.

ZH: 公园将试行新的入园规定，以确保游客安全。
EN: The park will implement new entry regulations to ensure visitor safety.

ZH: 公司将试行优惠政策，以吸引更多消费者。
EN: The company will implement preferential policies to attract more consumers.

ZH: 学校将试行新的考试制度，以更好地评估学生学习情况。
EN: The school will implement a new examination system to better assess students' learning progress.

ZH: 为了提高工作效率，团队决定试行每周一次的工作会议。
EN: In order to improve work efficiency, the team has decided to hold a weekly work meeting.

ZH: 医院将试行新的手术流程，以提高手术成功率。
EN: The hospital will implement a new surgical procedure to improve the success rate of surgeries.

ZH: 政府计划试行新的社会福利政策，以提高人民生活水平。
EN: The government plans to implement new social welfare policies to improve people's living standards.

ZH: 超市将试行无现金支付方式，方便顾客购物。
EN: The supermarket will implement cashless payment methods to make shopping more convenient for customers.

ZH: 学校将试行新的课程设置，以培养学生综合能力。
EN: The school will implement a new curriculum to cultivate students' comprehensive abilities.

ZH: 为了提高产品质量，工厂决定试行新的质量管理制度。
EN: In order to improve product quality, the factory has decided to implement a new quality management system.

ZH: 公司将试行员工奖励制度，激励员工更加努力工作。
EN: The company will implement an employee incentive system to motivate employees to work harder.

ZH: 政府将试行新的税收政策，促进经济发展。
EN: The government will implement new tax policies to promote economic development.

ZH: 医院将试行新的护理标准，提高患者的护理质量。
EN: The hospital will implement new nursing standards to improve the quality of patient care.

ZH: 公交公司将试行免费乘车活动，以鼓励更多市民乘坐公共交通。
EN: The bus company will implement a free ride campaign to encourage more citizens to take public transportation.
