ZH: 她说的每句话中都有话，我感觉她不太真诚。
EN: Every word she says has a hidden meaning, I don't feel she's being sincere.

ZH: 他们的谈话中有话，看来他们之间的关系不太好。
EN: There's something unsaid in their conversation, it seems like their relationship is not good.

ZH: 她今天的话中有话，好像有什么事情瞒着我。
EN: There's something hidden in what she said today, it seems like she's hiding something from me.

ZH: 我感觉老板的话中有话，不知道他想表达什么。
EN: I feel like there's something hidden in the boss's words, I don't know what he's trying to say.

ZH: 他看着我，话中有话地说：“你真的相信他们？”
EN: He looked at me and said with a hidden meaning, "Do you really trust them?"

ZH: 在他的笑容下，话中有话，我听出了他的不满。
EN: Under his smile, there's a hidden meaning, I can sense his dissatisfaction.

ZH: 她一直都不喜欢我，这次她的话中有话我也听得出来。
EN: She has never liked me, I can hear the hidden meaning in her words this time.

ZH: 我们两个之间的谈话中有话，我能感觉到气氛有些尴尬。
EN: There's something unsaid between us in our conversation, I can feel the awkward atmosphere.

ZH: 她的话中也许有话，我们要警惕她的用心。
EN: There may be something hidden in her words, we need to be cautious of her intentions.

ZH: 他说的话中有话，我怎么感觉他在暗示什么。
EN: There's a hidden meaning in what he said, why do I feel like he's implying something.

ZH: 她的话中没有话，她总是直言不讳。
EN: There's no hidden meaning in what she said, she always speaks her mind.

ZH: 他的话中有话，看来他有什么心事。
EN: There's a hidden meaning in his words, it seems like he has something on his mind.

ZH: 我听出来了他的话中有话，在他的眼神里我看到了不安。
EN: I can tell there's a hidden meaning in his words, I see unease in his eyes.

ZH: 你的话中有话，我可以感觉到你的冷漠。
EN: There's a hidden meaning in your words, I can feel your indifference.

ZH: 在他的微笑背后，话中有话，我怀疑他不是真心的。
EN: Behind his smile, there's a hidden meaning, I doubt his sincerity.

ZH: 我听出做生意的人的话中有话，他们不是那么诚实。
EN: I can hear the hidden meaning in the words of businessmen, they are not that honest.

ZH: 他的话中有话，他似乎在隐瞒重要信息。
EN: There's a hidden meaning in his words, it seems like he's concealing important information.

ZH: 他的话中没有话，他总是直来直去。
EN: There's no hidden meaning in his words, he's always straightforward.

ZH: 我可以感觉到他的话中有话，他肯定有什么目的。
EN: I can sense there's a hidden meaning in his words, he must have some ulterior motive.

ZH: 在他的谎言中，话中有话，我看透了他的欺骗。
EN: In his lies, there's a hidden meaning, I see through his deception.
