ZH: 他为了谋财害命，偷了公司的钱。
EN: In order to make a fortune, he stole money from the company.

ZH: 她因为谋财害命，在赌博中输光了所有的积蓄。
EN: She lost all her savings in gambling, seeking wealth at the cost of her life.

ZH: 他们为了谋财害命，故意在产品中添加有害物质。
EN: They intentionally added harmful substances to the products in order to make a profit at the expense of lives.

ZH: 不要为了谋财害命，要想想后果。
EN: Don't jeopardize lives for money, think about the consequences.

ZH: 警告那些谋财害命的医生，他们的行为将被严惩。
EN: Doctors who put profits before lives will be severely punished.

ZH: 那个企业老板为了谋财害命，放任安全隐患存在。
EN: The company owner turned a blind eye to safety hazards in order to seek wealth at the expense of lives.

ZH: 他们为了谋财害命，无视环境保护法规。
EN: They ignored environmental protection regulations in order to make money at the cost of lives.

ZH: 她因为谋财害命，被控谋杀罪。
EN: She was charged with murder for seeking wealth at the cost of lives.

ZH: 为了谋财害命，他们组织了一场毫无安全保障的冒险活动。
EN: They organized a risky adventure without any safety measures in order to make a fortune at the cost of lives.

ZH: 那个贪官为了谋财害命，导致了数十人的死亡。
EN: The corrupt official caused the deaths of dozens of people by seeking wealth at the expense of lives.

ZH: 警方严厉打击谋财害命的犯罪行为。
EN: The police crackdown on crimes that put profits before lives.

ZH: 他因为谋财害命，最终被绳之于法。
EN: He was brought to justice for seeking wealth at the cost of lives.

ZH: 他们为了谋财害命，破坏了生态环境。
EN: They destroyed the ecological environment in order to make money at the expense of lives.

ZH: 贪污腐败是为了谋财害命的危险行为。
EN: Corruption is a dangerous behavior of seeking wealth at the cost of lives.

ZH: 他们没有意识到谋财害命的行为已经给社会带来了巨大危害。
EN: They failed to realize that seeking wealth at the expense of lives has brought enormous harm to society.

ZH: 为了谋财害命，他们操纵了股市。
EN: They manipulated the stock market in order to make money at the cost of lives.

ZH: 禁止谋财害命的行为，以保护公民的生命安全。
EN: Prohibit actions that put profits before lives to protect the safety of citizens.

ZH: 他们为了谋财害命，在建筑工地上违规操作。
EN: They conducted illegal operations on the construction site in order to seek wealth at the expense of lives.

ZH: 民众应该警惕那些谋财害命的商人。
EN: The public should be vigilant against businessmen who seek wealth at the cost of lives.

ZH: 为了谋财害命，他们无视了社会责任和道德。
EN: For seeking wealth at the expense of lives, they ignored social responsibilities and morals.
