ZH: 我们应该贴近现实，不要空想。
EN: We should be close to reality and not daydream.
ZH: 这个教练总是能够贴近学生的需要。
EN: This coach is always able to cater to the students' needs.
ZH: 他们的价值观和我们的完全不贴近。
EN: Their values are completely different from ours.
ZH: 我们的思维方式需要贴近现代社会的要求。
EN: Our way of thinking needs to be in line with the demands of modern society.
ZH: 他服装品牌的风格更贴近年轻人。
EN: The style of his clothing brand is more in tune with young people.
ZH: 这个图书馆的开放时间贴近当地居民的作息时间。
EN: The library's opening hours are close to the local residents' schedule.
ZH: 他们通过社交媒体与粉丝保持贴近联系。
EN: They stay closely connected with their fans through social media.
ZH: 在工作中，我们应该贴近事实，不要随意猜测。
EN: In work, we should stick to the facts and not make random guesses.
ZH: 这个电影的主题非常贴近日常生活，引起了观众的共鸣。
EN: The theme of this movie is very close to everyday life, resonating with the audience.
ZH: 这本书贴近儿童的心理，很受小读者的喜爱。
EN: This book is close to the psychology of children and is loved by young readers.
ZH: 我们应该贴近实际情况，找到解决问题的最佳途径。
EN: We should get close to the actual situation and find the best way to solve problems.
ZH: 这个学科的研究贴近现实需求，有很大的应用价值。
EN: The research in this field is close to the needs of reality and has great practical value.
ZH: 他们的商业策略总是贴近市场需求。
EN: Their business strategies always closely match market demands.
ZH: 这家新闻机构的报道总是贴近民众的关切。
EN: The reports from this news agency are always close to the concerns of the people.
ZH: 我们应该贴近年轻一代的思维方式，才能更好地传递信息。
EN: We should be close to the thinking of the younger generation in order to communicate information better.
ZH: 这个社区志愿者组织很贴近居民的需求。
EN: This community volunteer organization is very close to the needs of residents.
ZH: 新闻报道应该贴近真相，传递客观的信息。
EN: News reporting should be close to the truth and convey objective information.
ZH: 这个电视节目很贴近观众的生活，深受喜爱。
EN: This TV show is very close to the lives of the audience and is highly beloved.
ZH: 这个课程的内容贴近实际应用，非常实用。
EN: The content of this course is close to practical application and very useful.
ZH: 我们的目标是设计产品，贴近用户的使用习惯。
EN: Our goal is to design products that are close to the user's habits of use.
