ZH: 我们必须赔偿这个意外造成的损失。
EN: We must compensate for the damage caused by this accident.

ZH: 如果我们的产品有问题，我们愿意赔偿受影响的客户。
EN: If there is any issue with our product, we are willing to compensate the affected customers.

ZH: 他们决定赔偿那位受害者一笔巨额的赔款。
EN: They decided to compensate the victim with a large sum of money.

ZH: 为了不影响声誉，公司决定赔偿所有受损客户。
EN: In order to maintain their reputation, the company decided to compensate all affected customers.

ZH: 如果我们的服务出现问题，我们会全额赔偿您的损失。
EN: If there is any issue with our service, we will compensate you for your losses in full.

ZH: 遗憾的是，我们无法赔偿您因此遭受的损失。
EN: Unfortunately, we are unable to compensate you for the losses you have suffered as a result.

ZH: 他们被迫赔偿了巨额的罚款，以弥补他们的错误。
EN: They were forced to pay a large fine to compensate for their mistake.

ZH: 这个公司已经表示他们愿意赔偿我们的损失。
EN: The company has indicated that they are willing to compensate us for our losses.

ZH: 我们向客户道歉并承诺会赔偿他们的损失。
EN: We apologize to the customers and promise to compensate them for their losses.

ZH: 他们被迫赔偿了巨额的赔偿金来弥补他们的过失。
EN: They were compelled to compensate a large sum of compensation to make up for their mistake.

ZH: 这家公司因为产品质量问题而被迫赔偿了大笔费用。
EN: This company had to compensate a large sum of money due to product quality issues.

ZH: 不要担心，我们会赔偿你因此遭受的一切损失。
EN: Don't worry, we will compensate you for all the losses you have suffered as a result.

ZH: 我们会尽最大的努力来赔偿受损的客户。
EN: We will make every effort to compensate the affected customers.

ZH: 他们将赔偿所有遭受损失的雇员并进行调查。
EN: They will compensate all employees who have suffered losses and conduct an investigation.

ZH: 这个错误给公司带来了很大损失，他们只能赔偿受影响的客户。
EN: This mistake has caused great losses to the company, and they can only compensate the affected customers.

ZH: 我们要求对方赔偿我们的损失，但他们拒绝了。
EN: We demanded compensation for our losses, but they refused.

ZH: 他们被判赔偿所有受害者的经济损失。
EN: They were ordered to compensate all victims for their financial losses.

ZH: 我们保证会赔偿您因此遭受的任何损失。
EN: We guarantee that we will compensate you for any losses you have suffered as a result.

ZH: 我们已经向客户道歉并承诺会赔偿他们的损失。
EN: We have apologized to the customers and promised to compensate them for their losses.

ZH: 我希望能赔偿您因此遭受的任何损失。
EN: I hope to compensate you for any losses you have suffered as a result.
