ZH: 1.他是比赛的赢家。
    (He is the winner of the competition.)
EN: 1. He is the winner of the competition.
 
ZH: 2.她是我们家庭中的赢家。
    (She is the winner in our family.)
EN: 2. She is the winner in our family.
 
ZH: 3.这场竞争中只有一个赢家。
    (There is only one winner in this competition.)
EN: 3. There is only one winner in this competition.
 
ZH: 4.他们努力争取成为赢家。
    (They are striving to become winners.)
EN: 4. They are striving to become winners.
 
ZH: 5.那个团队是比赛的赢家。
    (That team is the winner of the match.)
EN: 5. That team is the winner of the match.
 
ZH: 6.虽然有多个候选人，但只有一个能成为赢家。
    (Although there are multiple candidates, only one can become the winner.)
EN: 6. Although there are multiple candidates, only one can become the winner.
 
ZH: 7.在这场赛车比赛中，他最终成为了赢家。
    (He ultimately became the winner in this racing competition.)
EN: 7. He ultimately became the winner in this racing competition.
 
ZH: 8.这个项目的赢家将获得一笔奖金。
    (The winner of this project will receive a cash prize.)
EN: 8. The winner of this project will receive a cash prize.
 
ZH: 9.这个赛季的足球赛，他是赢家。
    (He is the winner of this season's football game.)
EN: 9. He is the winner of this season's football game.
 
ZH: 10.这场比赛的赢家将代表我们的国家参加国际比赛。
     (The winner of this match will represent our country in the international competition.)
EN: 10. The winner of this match will represent our country in the international competition.
 
ZH: 11.就在最后一刻，他成为了胜利的赢家。
     (Just at the last moment, he became the victorious winner.)
EN: 11. Just at the last moment, he became the victorious winner.
 
ZH: 12.无论竞争有多激烈，只有一个人能成为赢家。
     (No matter how fierce the competition is, only one person can become the winner.)
EN: 12. No matter how fierce the competition is, only one person can become the winner.
 
ZH: 13.在这场生意竞标中，他是最终的赢家。
     (He is the ultimate winner in this business bidding.)
EN: 13. He is the ultimate winner in this business bidding.
 
ZH: 14.即使他们经历了很多困难，他们仍然是“生活的赢家”。
     (Even though they went through many hardships, they are still the "winners of life".)
EN: 14. Even though they went through many hardships, they are still the "winners of life".
 
ZH: 15.那位选手展示了真正的实力，成为了比赛的赢家。
     (That player showcased real strength and became the winner of the match.)
EN: 15. That player showcased real strength and became the winner of the match.
 
ZH: 16.他是投资界的赢家，拥有庞大的财富。
     (He is a winner in the investment world, possessing immense wealth.)
EN: 16. He is a winner in the investment world, possessing immense wealth.
 
ZH: 17.在棋类比赛中，只有一个人会成为赢家。
     (In board game competitions, only one person will become the winner.)
EN: 17. In board game competitions, only one person will become the winner.
 
ZH: 18.这个项目已经证明了他们的团队是市场的赢家。
     (This project has proven that their team is the winner in the market.)
EN: 18. This project has proven that their team is the winner in the market.
 
ZH: 19.尽管遇到了许多挑战，他们最终成为了比赛的赢家。
     (Despite facing many challenges, they ultimately became the winners of the competition.)
EN: 19. Despite facing many challenges, they ultimately became the winners of the competition.
 
ZH: 20.他在这场商业交易中是赢家。
     (He is the winner in this business transaction.)
EN: 20. He is the winner in this business transaction.
