ZH: 赫鲁晓夫是苏联的政治领袖。
EN: Khrushchev was a political leader of the Soviet Union.

ZH: 赫鲁晓夫在1953年至1964年担任苏联第一书记。
EN: Khrushchev served as the First Secretary of the Soviet Union from 1953 to 1964.

ZH: 赫鲁晓夫曾在联邦政治局中担任重要职务。
EN: Khrushchev held important positions in the Federal Political Bureau.

ZH: 赫鲁晓夫提出了“和平共处五项原则”。
EN: Khrushchev proposed the "Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence".

ZH: 赫鲁晓夫因其在苏联农业和工业领域的改革而著名。
EN: Khrushchev is famous for his reforms in agriculture and industry in the Soviet Union.

ZH: 赫鲁晓夫的执政风格被称为“赫式社会主义”。
EN: Khrushchev's governing style was known as "Khrushchevism".

ZH: 赫鲁晓夫曾与美国总统肯尼迪进行过多次首脑会谈。
EN: Khrushchev had multiple summit meetings with US President Kennedy.

ZH: 赫鲁晓夫对于苏联核武器的发展有着重要贡献。
EN: Khrushchev made significant contributions to the development of Soviet nuclear weapons.

ZH: 赫鲁晓夫被称为苏联的“夏威夷四海楼”。
EN: Khrushchev was known as the "Shoemaker of the Four Oceans" in the Soviet Union.

ZH: 赫鲁晓夫倡导了“以技术赶上和超过美国”的口号。
EN: Khrushchev advocated the slogan "To catch up with and surpass America in technology".

ZH: 赫鲁晓夫领导下的苏联曾经经历了所谓的“玉米大使”政策。
EN: The Soviet Union under Khrushchev's leadership went through the so-called "corn diplomacy" policy.

ZH: 赫鲁晓夫因其激进的改革政策而备受争议。
EN: Khrushchev's radical reform policies were controversial.

ZH: 赫鲁晓夫在1956年举行的20大上批评了斯大林。
EN: Khrushchev criticized Stalin at the 20th Congress held in 1956.

ZH: 赫鲁晓夫提出了加强工农联盟的政策。
EN: Khrushchev put forward policies to strengthen the alliance between workers and peasants.

ZH: 赫鲁晓夫一直致力于推动苏联农业的现代化和生产力的提高。
EN: Khrushchev devoted himself to promoting the modernization of Soviet agriculture and the improvement of productivity.

ZH: 赫鲁晓夫曾提出向苏联共产党中央委员会提交辞职信，但被否决了。
EN: Khrushchev once submitted a resignation letter to the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, but it was rejected.

ZH: 赫鲁晓夫在1964年被迫下台。
EN: Khrushchev was forced to step down in 1964.

ZH: 赫鲁晓夫的下台是由苏联政治局的多数成员所决定。
EN: Khrushchev's ousting was decided by the majority of the members of the Soviet Political Bureau.

ZH: 赫鲁晓夫因其独断和草率的作风而广受批评。
EN: Khrushchev was widely criticized for his autocratic and hasty style.

ZH: 赫鲁晓夫的影响力在他下台后有所削弱。
EN: Khrushchev's influence diminished after he stepped down.
