ZH: 我正在快速走路，希望能赶上那趟火车。
EN: I'm walking quickly in hopes of catching that train.

ZH: 他在赶上我们去看电影的时候遇到了交通堵塞。
EN: He encountered a traffic jam when trying to catch up with us for the movie.

ZH: 请等一等，我会努力赶上你们的步伐。
EN: Please wait, I will try hard to catch up with your pace.

ZH: 我们要加快速度，才能赶上最后一班公交车。
EN: We need to speed up in order to catch the last bus.

ZH: 她骑得飞快，轻松地赶上了领头的自行车手。
EN: She rode fast and easily caught up with the lead cyclist.

ZH: 在这场比赛中，他们迅速赶上了对手。
EN: In this game, they quickly caught up with their opponents.

ZH: 小明努力学习，终于赶上了他的同学们。
EN: Xiaoming studied hard and finally caught up with his classmates.

ZH: 继续奋斗，你会赶上别人的。
EN: Keep striving, you will catch up with others.

ZH: 如果你不加紧学习，很难赶上你想达到的目标。
EN: If you don't study harder, it will be difficult for you to catch up with your desired goals.

ZH: 跑得快一点，我们还可以赶上那趟火车。
EN: Run faster, and we can still catch that train.

ZH: 昨天下雨，我没赶上乘坐公共汽车。
EN: It rained yesterday and I didn't catch the bus.

ZH: 我们带着雨伞才赶上了风雨交加的天气。
EN: We brought an umbrella, so we managed to catch up with the stormy weather.

ZH: 他不断加速，以便能赶上前方的车队。
EN: He kept accelerating so as to catch up with the car convoy ahead.

ZH: 她用尽全力往前跑，努力赶上正在离去的列车。
EN: She ran as fast as she could, striving to catch up with the departing train.

ZH: 如果你马上出发，应该能赶上早上的会议。
EN: If you leave immediately, you should be able to catch the morning meeting.

ZH: 我昨天没办法赶上你们的聚会。
EN: I couldn't catch up with your gathering yesterday.

ZH: 他感到很沮丧，因为无论怎么努力，都没能赶上领先者。
EN: He felt frustrated because no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't catch up with the leader.

ZH: 我迷路了，走了一段冤枉路，需要尽快赶上队伍。
EN: I got lost and took a detour, I need to catch up with the group as soon as possible.

ZH: 经过长时间的学习，她终于赶上了其他队员的水平。
EN: After a long period of studying, she finally caught up with the level of the other team members.

ZH: 他通宵学习，以便可以赶上考试。
EN: He stayed up all night studying in order to catch up with the exam.

ZH: 牙医的预约时间是早上，你得早点起床才能赶上。
EN: The dentist appointment is in the morning, you need to wake up early to catch up.
