ZH: 我们明天一早就要起程去旅行。
EN: We will start our journey early tomorrow morning.

ZH: 老板安排我们下周起程到外地出差。
EN: The boss arranged for us to start our business trip to another city next week.

ZH: 他们计划在冬天起程去南方过暖冬。
EN: They plan to start their journey to the south for a warm winter in the winter.

ZH: 春节前夕，大家都准备好行礼起程回老家过年。
EN: On the eve of the Spring Festival, everyone prepared their luggage to start their journey back to their hometown to celebrate the New Year.

ZH: 我们一家人今天将在清晨的第一班车上起程去山上露营。
EN: My family will start our journey to the mountain for camping on the first morning bus today.

ZH: 星期六是我们起程去旅行的日子。
EN: Saturday is the day we start our journey for traveling.

ZH: 他们决定在明天早上起程到沙滩度假村度假。
EN: They decided to start their journey to the beach resort for vacation tomorrow morning.

ZH: 今天下午我们将在两点钟起程去拜访亲戚。
EN: We will start our journey to visit relatives at two o'clock this afternoon.

ZH: 春季是我们起程去观赏樱花的最佳时节。
EN: Spring is the best time for us to start our journey to admire the cherry blossoms.

ZH: 我们计划在凌晨四点的火车上起程去北京。
EN: We plan to start our journey to Beijing on the train at four in the morning.

ZH: 明天我们一早起程去登山。
EN: We will start our journey to climb the mountain early tomorrow morning.

ZH: 他们准备在秋天起程去欧洲旅行。
EN: They are preparing to start their journey to Europe in the autumn.

ZH: 周末是我们起程去郊外野餐的最好时间。
EN: The weekend is the best time for us to start our journey to the countryside for a picnic.

ZH: 明年夏天我们将起程去追逐日全食。
EN: We will start our journey to chase the total solar eclipse next summer.

ZH: 我们打算在五月份起程去参加留学展。
EN: We plan to start our journey to attend the study abroad fair in May.

ZH: 周五下午我们将在三点钟起程去海边度假。
EN: We will start our journey to the beach for vacation at three o'clock on Friday afternoon.

ZH: 他们决定在翌日清晨起程去参加马拉松比赛。
EN: They decided to start their journey to participate in the marathon race the next morning.

ZH: 我们约好了周日上午一起起程去爬山。
EN: We agreed to start our journey together to climb the mountain on Sunday morning.

ZH: 下周我们将在星期四凌晨起程去参观长城。
EN: We will start our journey to visit the Great Wall early next Thursday.

ZH: 他们在五月底准备好起程去参加音乐节。
EN: They are ready to start their journey to attend the music festival at the end of May.
