ZH: 趁热打铁，你应该现在就开始写论文。
EN: Strike while the iron is hot, you should start writing your paper now.

ZH: 趁热打铁，我决定今天就去报名。
EN: Seizing the opportunity, I've decided to register today.

ZH: 趁热打铁，他赶快把问题解决了。
EN: Seizing the moment, he quickly resolved the issue.

ZH: 趁热打铁，我直接向他提出了建议。
EN: Seizing the chance, I directly made a suggestion to him.

ZH: 趁热打铁，他一口气写完了五篇文章。
EN: Making the most of the opportunity, he wrote five articles in one go.

ZH: 趁热打铁，我们立刻跟上前方的队伍。
EN: Taking advantage of the momentum, we immediately caught up with the front team.

ZH: 趁热打铁，现在是理财的最佳时机。
EN: It's the best time for financial planning, to seize this opportunity.

ZH: 趁热打铁，他们马上就开始装修房子。
EN: Waste no time, they started renovating the house right away.

ZH: 趁热打铁，我立即向老板提出了加薪要求。
EN: Seizing the moment, I immediately asked my boss for a raise.

ZH: 趁热打铁，学生们在考试前复习得很认真。
EN: Making the most of the opportunity, the students studied diligently before the exam.

ZH: 趁热打铁，我们立刻行动起来，为社区服务。
EN: Seizing the opportunity, we took immediate action to serve the community.

ZH: 趁热打铁，他们赶紧提交了项目报告。
EN: Making the most of the moment, they quickly submitted the project report.

ZH: 趁热打铁，我趁着假期去旅行了。
EN: Taking advantage of the opportunity, I traveled during the vacation.

ZH: 趁热打铁，公司抓住市场机会推出了新产品。
EN: Seizing the opportunity, the company launched a new product to seize the market.

ZH: 趁热打铁，他们抓紧时间培训员工。
EN: Making the most of the moment, they made sure to train the employees promptly.

ZH: 趁热打铁，政府迅速采取措施解决了问题。
EN: Seizing the moment, the government promptly took measures to solve the problem.

ZH: 趁热打铁，我们在疫情结束后马上开始筹办婚礼。
EN: Making the most of the opportunity, we immediately started preparing for the wedding after the pandemic.

ZH: 趁热打铁，他们在节日期间大量推出优惠活动。
EN: Seizing the opportunity, they launched a large number of promotional activities during the holiday.

ZH: 趁热打铁，我趁着天气好把车给洗了一遍。
EN: Taking advantage of the good weather, I washed the car right away.

ZH: 趁热打铁，他们用最新科技开发了一款创新产品。
EN: Making the most of the opportunity, they developed an innovative product using the latest technology.

ZH: 趁热打铁，他趁今天的招聘会去找工作。
EN: Seizing the moment, he went job hunting at today's job fair.
