ZH: 我们需要尽快跟上时代的步伐。
EN: We need to catch up with the pace of the times as soon as possible.

ZH: 这门课程很难，我很难跟上。
EN: This course is difficult, and I find it hard to keep up.

ZH: 他们在赛跑中，我迅速地跟上他们。
EN: They were running, and I quickly caught up with them.

ZH: 不要担心，只要你努力，你一定能跟上。
EN: Don't worry, as long as you work hard, you will definitely be able to keep up.

ZH: 我忘带我的笔记本电脑，我需要尽快跟上会议的进程。
EN: I forgot my laptop, I need to catch up with the progress of the meeting quickly.

ZH: 我们的团队需要一个更高效的工作方式，以便跟上竞争对手。
EN: Our team needs a more efficient way of working to keep up with the competitors.

ZH: 我在大学里交了很多朋友，但是我很难跟上他们的社交活动。
EN: I made a lot of friends in college, but I found it hard to keep up with their social activities.

ZH: 我们不能落后于技术的发展，要跟上时代的潮流。
EN: We can't fall behind in technological development; we need to keep up with the trends of the times.

ZH: 学习一门新语言是一个挑战，但只要你保持努力，你就能跟上。
EN: Learning a new language is a challenge, but as long as you stay dedicated, you can keep up.

ZH: 被别人超过的感觉真不好，我要尽快跟上。
EN: It feels terrible to be surpassed by others; I need to catch up as soon as possible.

ZH: 这个行业的技术变革很快，我们必须跟上。
EN: The technological revolution in this industry is happening rapidly, and we must keep up.

ZH: 要保持身体健康，坚持运动是必不可少的，不然会跟不上生活的节奏。
EN: It is essential to maintain good health, and regular exercise is necessary; otherwise, you won't keep up with the pace of life.

ZH: 我的老板工作非常努力，我们得给他点压力，跟上他的步伐。
EN: My boss works very hard, and we need to put some pressure on ourselves to keep up with his pace.

ZH: 在这个快速变化的世界中，我们必须随时准备学习新知识，以跟上潮流。
EN: In this rapidly changing world, we must be ready to learn new knowledge at any time to keep up with the trends.

ZH: 不要害怕提出问题，这是你尽快跟上的最佳方法。
EN: Don't be afraid to ask questions; it is the best way for you to catch up quickly.

ZH: 马拉松是一项挑战，但只要你坚持训练，你一定能跟上其他选手。
EN: Marathon is a challenge, but as long as you persevere in training, you will definitely keep up with the other runners.

ZH: 我们需要提早做准备，这样才能及时跟上市场的需求。
EN: We need to prepare in advance so that we can keep up with the market demands in time.

ZH: 要迎接未来，我们必须学会灵活适应变化，及时跟上时代的潮流。
EN: To embrace the future, we must learn to adapt to changes flexibly and keep up with the trends of the times.

ZH: 我们的产品无法再满足顾客的需求，我们必须努力跟上市场的变化。
EN: Our products can no longer meet customers' demands; we must work hard to keep up with market changes.

ZH: 跟上时尚潮流并不容易，我们需要时刻关注最新的时尚趋势。
EN: It's not easy to keep up with fashion trends; we need to constantly pay attention to the latest fashion trends.
