ZH: 1. 他被吓得跪倒在地上。
EN: He was scared and fell to his knees.
ZH: 2. 她听到好消息后，高兴地跪倒感谢上天。
EN: After hearing the good news, she happily dropped to her knees in gratitude.
ZH: 3. 他跪倒在父亲的面前，请求原谅。
EN: He knelt before his father, begging for forgiveness.
ZH: 4. 在庙前，人们都跪倒向神明祈福。
EN: In front of the temple, people kneel down to pray to the gods.
ZH: 5. 穆斯林每天五次朝拜时都要跪倒在地上。
EN: Muslims kneel on the ground five times a day during prayer.
ZH: 6. 相声演员演出时会经常跪倒行礼。
EN: Cross-talk performers often kneel down to show respect during their shows.
ZH: 7. 在电影的高潮场景中，主角跪倒求生。
EN: In the climax of the movie, the protagonist kneels down to beg for survival.
ZH: 8. 被迫害的人民只能跪倒寻求仁慈。
EN: Persecuted people have no choice but to kneel down and seek mercy.
ZH: 9. 当他听到老师的表扬时，他感到无比欣慰，几乎跪倒在地上。
EN: When he heard the teacher's praise, he felt extremely delighted, almost dropping to his knees.
ZH: 10. 面对强大的敌人，他们只能跪倒投降。
EN: Faced with a powerful enemy, they can only kneel down and surrender.
ZH: 11. 在车祸现场，看到受伤的人，他立刻跪倒去施救。
EN: At the scene of the car accident, he immediately knelt down to rescue the injured.
ZH: 12. 年轻人跪倒在长辈的面前，表达对长辈的敬意。
EN: The young person knelt down in front of the elderly to express respect.
ZH: 13. 忏悔者经常跪倒在教堂里向上帝忏悔。
EN: Penitents often kneel down in the church to repent before God.
ZH: 14. 在这个庙宇里，信徒跪倒烧香祈福。
EN: In this temple, the religious followers kneel down to burn incense and pray for blessings.
ZH: 15. 她跪倒在恩师的面前，感谢他给予她的指导和支持。
EN: She kneels down before her mentor, thanking him for the guidance and support he has given her.
ZH: 16. 在魔法师的仪式上，学徒们都要跪倒接受授勋。
EN: During the magician's ceremony, the apprentices have to kneel down to receive knighthood.
ZH: 17. 在领取奖杯时，运动员们跪倒在颁奖台上，感谢所有的支持者。
EN: When receiving the trophy, the athletes kneel down on the podium, thanking all their supporters.
ZH: 18. 他病倒在床上，低声祈祷时时常跪倒在床前。
EN: When he fell ill and was bedridden, he often knelt down by his bed and prayed softly.
ZH: 19. 作为敬仰之情的表达，很多人跪倒在乌鸦山前。
EN: As an expression of admiration, many people kneel down in front of the Crow Mountain.
ZH: 20. 这位歌手很受欢迎，演唱会上的粉丝们看到他时会跪倒狂喊。
EN: This singer is very popular, and his fans at the concert would kneel down and scream when they see him.
