ZH: 我找遍了整个城市，但是始终没有找到他的踪影。
EN: I searched the whole city, but I couldn't find any trace of him.

ZH: 小猫跑得太快，很快地消失在树林中，不再留下任何踪影。
EN: The kitten ran too fast and quickly disappeared into the woods, leaving no trace behind.

ZH: 警方在调查中发现了凶手的踪影。
EN: The police found the murderer's trace during the investigation.

ZH: 尽管已过了许多年，对于那场事故的踪影仍然在我的脑海中挥之不去。
EN: Despite many years passing, the trace of that accident still lingers in my mind.

ZH: 他离奇地失踪了，没有留下一丝踪影。
EN: He mysteriously disappeared, leaving no trace behind.

ZH: 这片废弃的建筑让人感到毛骨悚然，仿佛鬼魂在四处游荡，但却没有一丝踪影。
EN: This abandoned building gives people the creeps, as if ghosts are wandering around, but there is not a trace.

ZH: 我发现了一个踪影，可能是他经过的痕迹。
EN: I found a trace, it might be a mark left by him passing by.

ZH: 我在沙滩上找到一些脚印，是他的踪影吗？
EN: I found some footprints on the beach, is it his trace?

ZH: 在犯罪现场，警察找到了凶手的踪影。
EN: At the crime scene, the police found the trace of the murderer.

ZH: 据报道，凶手在逃亡途中留下了一些踪影。
EN: According to reports, the murderer left some trace during his escape.

ZH: 她一去不复返，似乎已彻底消失，没有留下任何踪影。
EN: She never came back, as if she had completely disappeared, leaving no trace behind.

ZH: 我转过身，但再也没有见到她的踪影。
EN: I turned around, but I could no longer see her trace.

ZH: 动物园的大门打开后，狮子们迅速消失了，没有一丝踪影。
EN: After the zoo gates were opened, the lions swiftly disappeared without a trace.

ZH: 湖面上的浮冰已经溶化，不再有任何踪影。
EN: The floating ice on the lake has melted, leaving no trace anymore.

ZH: 战争过后，废墟中不再有人的踪影。
EN: After the war, there was no trace of humanity left in the ruins.

ZH: 雪下得太大，挡住了我们的视线，在雪中看不到任何踪影。
EN: The snow was too heavy, blocking our view, and we couldn't see any trace in the snow.

ZH: 这个幽灵城堡里弥漫着幽暗的气息，但是没有任何生物的踪影。
EN: The haunted castle is filled with a gloomy atmosphere, but there is no trace of any living creature.

ZH: 她已经离开了这个世界，不再有她的踪影。
EN: She has left this world, there is no trace of her anymore.

ZH: 他的生日宴会上参加者众多，但是我没有看到他的踪影。
EN: There were many participants at his birthday party, but I didn't see a trace of him.

ZH: 这里发生了一场大火，房屋已化成灰烬，烟雾散去后不再有任何踪影。
EN: There was a big fire here, the house has turned into ashes, and there is no trace left after the smoke cleared.

ZH: 马戏团的演员们如舞者般在舞台上飞舞，在熙熙攘攘的人群中消失得无影无踪。
EN: The circus performers danced on the stage like dancers, disappearing without a trace in the bustling crowd.
