ZH: 我的家人总是在我身边。 (My family is always by my side.)
EN: My family is always by my side.
ZH: 这本书是我的身边小伙伴。 (This book is my companion.)
EN: This book is my companion.
ZH: 我喜欢有我的朋友身边。 (I enjoy having my friends around.)
EN: I enjoy having my friends around.
ZH: 身边的人总是给我留下美好的回忆。 (The people around me always leave me with good memories.)
EN: The people around me always leave me with good memories.
ZH: 他习惯把手机放在身边。 (He is used to keeping his phone by his side.)
EN: He is used to keeping his phone by his side.
ZH: 做任何事情前，我都会先问问身边的人意见。 (Before doing anything, I always ask for opinions from the people around me.)
EN: Before doing anything, I always ask for opinions from the people around me.
ZH: 身边的朋友总是支持我。 (The friends around me always support me.)
EN: The friends around me always support me.
ZH: 每次去旅行，身边的伴侣都是我最好的选择。(Every time I travel, the person beside me is always my best choice.)
EN: Every time I travel, the person beside me is always my best choice.
ZH: 寒冷的冬天，我喜欢身边有一杯热茶。(In the cold winter, I like having a cup of hot tea by my side.)
EN: In the cold winter, I like having a cup of hot tea by my side.
ZH: 我害怕独自一人，所以总是希望身边有人陪伴。(I'm afraid to be alone, so I always hope to have someone by my side.)
EN: I'm afraid to be alone, so I always hope to have someone by my side.
ZH: 我喜欢在工作时身边有音乐。(I like having music by my side while working.)
EN: I like having music by my side while working.
ZH: 身边的小动物总是能带给我快乐。(The little animals around me always bring me joy.)
EN: The little animals around me always bring me joy.
ZH: 我很享受在自然环境中有身边的大自然。(I enjoy having nature by my side in a natural environment.)
EN: I enjoy having nature by my side in a natural environment.
ZH: 不管发生什么事情，我都相信身边的人会支持我。(No matter what happens, I believe the people around me will support me.)
EN: No matter what happens, I believe the people around me will support me.
ZH: 我喜欢有身边的绿色植物。(I like having green plants by my side.)
EN: I like having green plants by my side.
ZH: 身边的微笑总能激励我努力前行。(The smiles around me always motivate me to move forward.)
EN: The smiles around me always motivate me to move forward.
ZH: 我总是很努力地寻找身边的幸福。(I always work hard to find happiness around me.)
EN: I always work hard to find happiness around me.
ZH: 身边的亲人是我最重要的财富。(The family members around me are my most important treasure.)
EN: The family members around me are my most important treasure.
ZH: 我会尽力保护身边的朋友。(I will do my best to protect the friends around me.)
EN: I will do my best to protect the friends around me.
ZH: 身边的美食总是让我垂涎三尺。(The delicious food around me always makes me drool.)
EN: The delicious food around me always makes me drool.
ZH: 在身边的人中，我总能找到温暖的感觉。(Among the people around me, I can always find a warm feeling.)
EN: Among the people around me, I can always find a warm feeling.
