ZH:在事故中，他的身首异处，需要紧急手术。
EN: In the accident, his body and head were separated, requiring emergency surgery.

ZH:那个传说中的恶魔可以让人的身首异处。
EN: The legendary demon can cause a person's body and head to be separated.

ZH:只要马奇能拯救她，她就可以避免身首异处的悲剧。
EN: If March can save her, she can avoid the tragedy of being separated from her body and head.

ZH:这封信中提到了一个关于身首异处的恐怖传说。
EN: The letter mentioned a terrifying legend about being separated from one's body and head.

ZH:在古代，身首异处被认为是一种最可怕的诅咒。
EN: In ancient times, being separated from one's body and head was considered the most terrifying curse.

ZH:传说中的僵尸可以让人的身首异处，成为不死之身。
EN: Legendary zombies can cause a person to be separated from their body and head, becoming immortal.

ZH:据说那个神秘的魔法师可以轻易让身首异处的人重新合并。
EN: It is said that the mysterious wizard can easily reunite people who have been separated from their body and head.

ZH:那个人的身首异处似乎是受到了黑魔法的影响。
EN: It seems that that person's body and head being separated was influenced by dark magic.

ZH:他的身首异处的样子让人心惊胆战。
EN: The sight of his body and head being separated is terrifying.

ZH:这个恐怖电影讲述了一个与身首异处有关的故事。
EN: This horror movie tells a story related to being separated from one's body and head.

ZH:身首异处是一种传说中的诡异现象。
EN: Being separated from one's body and head is a mysterious phenomenon in legend.

ZH:那个巫师声称他能够在身首异处的人中施放魔法。
EN: The wizard claimed that he could cast spells on people who have been separated from their body and head.

ZH:据说在那座古老的城堡中发生了一起身首异处的事件。
EN: It is said that there was an occurrence of being separated from one's body and head in that ancient castle.

ZH:直到今天，身首异处依然是一个谜。
EN: Even today, being separated from one's body and head remains a mystery.

ZH:古代的传说中常常出现关于身首异处的故事。
EN: Stories about being separated from one's body and head often appear in ancient legends.

ZH:那个喜欢恐怖故事的人一直在搜集有关身首异处的资料。
EN: The person who likes horror stories has been collecting information about being separated from one's body and head.

ZH:那种黑暗魔法可以使人以身首异处的方式永生不死。
EN: That dark magic can make people live forever in a way of being separated from their body and head.

ZH:在这片神秘的森林里，人们说会发生身首异处的现象。
EN: In this mysterious forest, people say that occurrences of being separated from one's body and head happen.

ZH:那个古老的传说提到了一种古怪的诅咒，让人身首异处。
EN: The ancient legend mentioned a strange curse that causes people to be separated from their body and head.

ZH:他的身首异处使他成为了古代传说中的英雄。
EN: His body and head being separated made him a hero in ancient legends.
