ZH: 这辆汽车的车号是粤A12345。
EN: The license plate number of this car is A12345.

ZH: 他的车号被偷了，现在他找不到车了。
EN: His license plate number was stolen, now he can't find his car.

ZH: 我们可以通过车号查找车主的信息。
EN: We can look up the owner's information through the license plate number.

ZH: 请提供您的车号和姓名以便查找您的预订信息。
EN: Please provide your license plate number and name for us to look up your reservation information.

ZH: 这辆电动车的车号是新能源的。
EN: The license plate number of this electric car is for new energy vehicles.

ZH: 这辆卡车的车号很明显，容易辨认。
EN: The license plate number of this truck is very clear and easy to identify.

ZH: 我的车号找不到了，不知道是不是被偷了。
EN: I can't find my license plate number, I don’t know if it was stolen.

ZH: 父母给我的车号换了一个幸运数字。
EN: My parents changed my license plate number to a lucky number.

ZH: 请注意，您的车号是在高速公路上的监控摄像头里拍摄到的。
EN: Please note that your license plate number was captured by the surveillance cameras on the highway.

ZH: 麻烦您告诉我一下你的车号，让我迅速找到您的预订信息。
EN: Could you please tell me your license plate number so I can quickly find your reservation information?

ZH: 现在大部分城市都实行了车号限行政策。
EN: Most cities now have license plate number restrictions in place.

ZH: 他的车号和他的名字都和护照上的信息不符。
EN: His license plate number and name do not match the information on his passport.

ZH: 销售人员询问了我的车号以便为我推荐适合我的车辆。
EN: The salesperson asked for my license plate number in order to recommend a suitable vehicle for me.

ZH: 他的车号是一串很独特的数字和字母组合。
EN: His license plate number is a unique combination of numbers and letters.

ZH: 我刚刚在停车场忘记了车号，现在找不到车的位置了。
EN: I just forgot my license plate number at the parking lot, now I can't find my car's location.

ZH: 找到这辆被抢劫走的车的唯一线索就是车号。
EN: The only clue to finding the car that was robbed was the license plate number.

ZH: 我的车号被刮花了，需要去修车行更换新的。
EN: My license plate number was scratched, I need to go to the repair shop to get it replaced.

ZH: 我们需要将您的车号登记在我们的系统中作为预约确认。
EN: We need to register your license plate number in our system as a confirmation of the appointment.

ZH: 警察在报案时询问了受害者的车号来侦破案件。
EN: The police asked for the victim's license plate number to solve the case when reporting the crime.

ZH: 这辆警车的车号是特殊编号，以示其特殊职能。
EN: The license plate number of this police car is a special number to indicate its special function.
