ZH: 我正在大街上走着，突然转念想起我忘了关电视。
EN: I was walking on the street when suddenly I had a second thought and remembered that I forgot to turn off the TV.

ZH: 我本来打算去香港旅游，但是转念一想，还是去日本更有趣。
EN: I was originally planning to go to Hong Kong for vacation, but then I had a change of mind and thought Japan would be more interesting.

ZH: 昨天晚上我转念决定买这条蓝色的裙子而不是红色的。
EN: Last night I changed my mind and decided to buy this blue dress instead of the red one.

ZH: 她原本觉得这本书很有意思，但转念想起她已经看过了。
EN: She initially thought this book was interesting, but then she had a second thought and remembered that she had already read it.

ZH: 我本想请他吃晚饭，但是转念一想他可能有其他安排。
EN: I was planning to invite him for dinner, but then I had a change of mind and thought he might have other plans.

ZH: 他原本要离开这个城市，但是转念一想还是留下来吧。
EN: He was originally planning to leave this city, but then he had a second thought and decided to stay.

ZH: 我一转念，觉得这个策略不可行，要重新制定计划。
EN: I changed my mind in an instant and found this strategy impracticable, so I need to rework the plan.

ZH: 她刚要走出门，转念之后又回来拿钱包。
EN: She was just about to leave when she had a second thought and came back to grab her wallet.

ZH: 考虑了一段时间后，他转念决定接受这份工作。
EN: After considering for a while, he had a change of mind and decided to accept the job.

ZH: 我正在购物时，我转念一想，还是等一等再决定买什么东西。
EN: While I was shopping, I had a second thought and decided to wait a bit before deciding what to buy.

ZH: 我看到那个要求转念意见的投票，但是觉得没有必要参与。
EN: I saw the poll asking for second thoughts, but I thought it wasn't necessary to participate.

ZH: 我原本打算今天去爬山，但后来转念一想，还是等天气再好些再去。
EN: I was planning to go hiking today, but then I had a change of mind and thought it would be better to wait for better weather.

ZH: 老板告诉我要加班，我转念之后提出更合理的工作安排。
EN: When my boss told me to work overtime, I had a second thought and proposed a more reasonable work schedule.

ZH: 我本来打算告诉她这个消息，但后来转念一想，还是让她自己去发现吧。
EN: I was originally planning to tell her the news, but then I had a change of mind and decided to let her discover it on her own.

ZH: 我转念一想，可能这个方式更有效，所以我决定尝试一下。
EN: I had a second thought and realized that this method might be more effective, so I decided to give it a try.

ZH: 我刚要把这个项目放弃，但是转念一想，还是继续努力吧。
EN: I was just about to give up on this project, but then I had a change of mind and decided to keep working hard.

ZH: 她打电话给我，问我要不要一起去看电影，我转念一想，决定去。
EN: She called me and asked if I wanted to go watch a movie together, and after a second thought, I decided to go.

ZH: 我刚快接受邀请参加派对，但是转念之后拒绝了。
EN: I was just about to accept the invitation to the party, but then I had a second thought and declined.

ZH: 我本来打算购买这件衣服，后来转念一想，还是等打折再买吧。
EN: I was planning to buy this piece of clothing, but then I had a change of mind and decided to wait for a discount.

ZH: 考虑了一下之后，他转念一想，还是继续学习比较好。
EN: After thinking it over, he had a second thought and decided that it would be better to continue studying.
