ZH: 昨晚我收看了足球赛的转播。
EN: I watched the live broadcast of the football game last night.

ZH: 电视台会对重大新闻进行实时转播。
EN: TV stations will provide live coverage of major news events.

ZH: 我们可以通过网页实时转播会议的视频。
EN: We can live stream the conference video through the webpage.

ZH: 这家电视台拥有国内足球联赛的转播权。
EN: This TV station has the broadcasting rights for domestic football league.

ZH: 你能不能在转播间提醒我进入下一个节目？
EN: Can you remind me to switch to the next program in the broadcasting booth?

ZH: 这个演播室负责直播节目的转播。
EN: This studio is responsible for the live broadcasting of the program.

ZH: 他们将会对奥运会的比赛进行多平台转播。
EN: They will provide multi-platform broadcasting for the Olympic Games.

ZH: 我们会在社交媒体上进行转播，让更多的人参与。
EN: We will do a live stream on social media to involve more people.

ZH: 这个转播团队需要有多媒体处理的能力。
EN: This broadcasting team needs to have multimedia processing skills.

ZH: 转播室里的摄像师会跟踪每一个重要的瞬间。
EN: The cameramen in the broadcasting room will track every important moment.

ZH: 请将新闻发布会的实况转播给所有的新闻媒体。
EN: Please broadcast the live coverage of the press conference to all news media.

ZH: 领导会给我们提前发一份转播方案。
EN: The leaders will provide us with a broadcasting plan in advance.

ZH: 转播师需要具备良好的语言表达能力。
EN: Broadcasters need to have good language expression skills.

ZH: 这个电视节目将会通过卫星转播到几个国家。
EN: This TV show will be broadcasted via satellite to several countries.

ZH: 这个卫星转播设备可以同时接收多个信号源。
EN: This satellite broadcasting equipment can receive multiple signal sources simultaneously.

ZH: 我们会将演唱会的录影转播给无法到场的观众。
EN: We will rebroadcast the concert recording to the audience who couldn't attend.

ZH: 转播公司将会和音频公司合作，实现音频-视频同步播放。
EN: The broadcasting company will collaborate with an audio company to achieve audio-video synchronization.

ZH: 请将转播设备调整到正确的频道。
EN: Please adjust the broadcasting equipment to the correct channel.

ZH: 为了转播奥运会，电视台雇佣了许多专业解说员。
EN: In order to broadcast the Olympic Games, the TV station has hired many professional commentators.

ZH: 转播节目时，请确保画面和声音的同步。
EN: When broadcasting the program, please ensure the synchronization of picture and sound.
