ZH: 我很喜欢晴天，可是今天转折下雨了。
EN: I really like sunny days, but it turned rainy today.

ZH: 他原来很聪明，转折后考试成绩却下降了。
EN: He used to be very smart, but his exam scores declined instead.

ZH: 她以前是个运动健将，然而转折后不再感兴趣了。
EN: She used to be a sports star, but she lost interest afterwards.

ZH: 我本来觉得这个想法不错，可是转折现在并不适用。
EN: I initially thought this idea was good, but it doesn't apply now.

ZH: 过去，这个地方很美丽，如今却转折成了一个工业区。
EN: In the past, this place was beautiful, but it has transformed into an industrial area.

ZH: 我想购买新的电视，但转折没钱了。
EN: I wanted to buy a new TV, but I ran out of money instead.

ZH: 他原本支持这个计划，后来却转折反对了。
EN: He initially supported this plan, but he turned against it later.

ZH: 我本以为她不会来，转折结果她却出现了。
EN: I thought she wouldn't come, but she showed up instead.

ZH: 我原先认为这个餐厅很棒，但转折体验却很失望。
EN: I used to think this restaurant was great, but the experience turned out to be disappointing.

ZH: 我一开始并不喜欢他，然而转折日久才发现他的优点。
EN: I didn't like him at first, but over time I discovered his positive qualities.

ZH: 这本小说一开始很吸引人，但转折情节却让人失望。
EN: This novel was captivating at the beginning, but the plot twist was disappointing.

ZH: 我希望健康饮食，但转折时不时会放纵自己吃甜食。
EN: I aspire to have a healthy diet, but sometimes I indulge in sweets instead.

ZH: 刚开始我很害怕新环境，不过转折后我逐渐适应了。
EN: I was very scared of the new environment at first, but I gradually adapted afterwards.

ZH: 转折生意不好，我们不得不削减开支。
EN: Due to a downturn in business, we had to cut expenses instead.

ZH: 虽然他以前曾是个热心公益的人，但转折后他不再关心社会问题。
EN: Although he used to be a passionate philanthropist, he no longer cares about social issues instead.

ZH: 刚开始，这个项目进展顺利，然而转折后却遇到了许多问题。
EN: Initially, this project was progressing well, but it encountered many problems instead.

ZH: 他本来想早点睡觉，转折然而一直玩手机到深夜。
EN: He wanted to sleep early, but instead he played with his phone until late at night.

ZH: 虽然他学习努力，但转折考试成绩并没有明显改善。
EN: Though he studied hard, his exam scores didn't improve significantly instead.

ZH: 这个地方冬天很冷，可是夏天却转折非常炎热。
EN: This place is very cold in winter, but it turns extremely hot in summer instead.

ZH: 虽然我原本计划去旅行，但转折却因为疫情取消了。
EN: Although I initially planned to travel, it got canceled due to the pandemic instead.
