ZH: 他想跟我借钱，我却转而向他拿钱。
EN: He wanted to borrow money from me, but I turned around and asked him for money instead.

ZH: 她原本想去旅行，但转而决定留在家里。
EN: She planned to go on a trip, but then she decided to stay at home instead.

ZH: 我本来想吃火锅，但转而点了烤鱼。
EN: I was going to have hot pot, but then I changed my mind and ordered grilled fish.

ZH: 他问我是否需要帮助，我转而拒绝了他的好意。
EN: He asked if I needed help, but I turned him down instead.

ZH: 她曾经迷恋过流行乐，但现在转而喜欢古典音乐了。
EN: She used to be into pop music, but now she has turned to classical music.

ZH: 他原本计划去读研究生，但转而选择了工作。
EN: He had planned to pursue a graduate degree, but then he changed his mind and chose to work.

ZH: 我刚开始骑自行车，但转而学习开车了。
EN: I started learning how to ride a bicycle, but then I switched to learning how to drive.

ZH: 她和朋友们一起去了咖啡店，转而却在那里碰到了她的前男友。
EN: She went to the café with her friends, but then she unexpectedly ran into her ex-boyfriend there.

ZH: 我们原本计划在公园野餐，但转而决定去海边了。
EN: We had planned to have a picnic in the park, but then we changed our minds and decided to go to the beach.

ZH: 我购买了一本小说，转而又买了一本历史书。
EN: I bought a novel, and then I bought a history book instead.

ZH: 他立即转而回答了我的问题。
EN: He immediately turned around and answered my question.

ZH: 她原本决定去美国留学，但转而选择了澳大利亚。
EN: She had decided to study abroad in the United States, but then she changed her mind and chose Australia instead.

ZH: 我本来准备做饭，但转而点了外卖。
EN: I was going to cook, but then I changed my mind and ordered takeout instead.

ZH: 她打算买一件红色的衣服，转而又选了蓝色的。
EN: She was planning to buy a red dress, but then she chose a blue one instead.

ZH: 我本来继续学习，但转而决定去健身房锻炼。
EN: I was planning to continue studying, but then I changed my mind and decided to go to the gym to exercise.

ZH: 他原本计划去参加聚会，但转而选择了待在家里。
EN: He had planned to go to the party, but then he changed his mind and decided to stay at home.

ZH: 我本来想和朋友们一起去看电影，但转而决定去音乐会。
EN: I was going to watch a movie with my friends, but then I changed my mind and decided to go to a concert instead.

ZH: 她原本打算整晚在电脑前工作，转而决定去散步放松一下。
EN: She had planned to work in front of the computer all evening, but then she changed her mind and decided to take a walk to relax.

ZH: 我原本打算给他打电话，但转而决定亲自去看望他。
EN: I had planned to call him, but then I changed my mind and decided to visit him in person.

ZH: 我原本想买一辆新车，但转而决定把钱用于旅行。
EN: I was planning to buy a new car, but then I changed my mind and decided to use the money for travel instead.
