ZH: 这家公司将迁至新的办公楼。
EN: This company will move to a new office building.

ZH: 我们的家庭要迁往另一个城市。
EN: Our family is going to relocate to another city.

ZH: 她决定迁居到乡村。
EN: She decided to move to the countryside.

ZH: 我的朋友将迁往美国寻找更好的工作机会。
EN: My friend will migrate to the United States in search of better job opportunities.

ZH: 下个月我打算迁到更大更现代化的公寓里去。
EN: Next month, I plan to move into a larger and more modern apartment.

ZH: 由于工作的原因，他经常迁居不同的城市。
EN: Due to work reasons, he often relocates to different cities.

ZH: 这家工厂计划迁至海边，以便更方便运输产品。
EN: The factory plans to move to the coast for easier transportation of products.

ZH: 许多人为了享受更好的生活而迁往大城市。
EN: Many people migrate to big cities in search of a better life.

ZH: 他们不得不迁往偏远地区，因为那里的房价更便宜。
EN: They had to move to a remote area because the housing prices there were cheaper.

ZH: 这个城市希望吸引更多的投资者，以便推动经济发展，所以采取了迁徙优惠政策。
EN: The city hopes to attract more investors to drive economic development, so it has implemented relocation incentives.

ZH: 在战争期间，许多人被迫逃离家乡迁往安全地区。
EN: During the war, many people were forced to flee their hometowns and move to safer areas.

ZH: 为了追求学业的发展，他迁往外地的大学读书。
EN: In pursuit of academic development, he moved to a university in another region to study.

ZH: 这个国家面临资源匮乏的问题，很多人决定迁移到其他地方。
EN: This country is facing a shortage of resources, and many people have decided to migrate elsewhere.

ZH: 这群鸟每年冬天会迁徙到南方地区过冬。
EN: These birds migrate to the southern region every winter to avoid the cold.

ZH: 为了更好的教育资源，他迁居到了一个富裕的城市。
EN: In search of better educational resources, he moved to an affluent city.

ZH: 不少农民工为了生活改善而迁往城市打工。
EN: Many migrant workers move to cities in search of better living conditions.

ZH: 她迫不及待地想迁至这座城市，因为她在这里找到了理想的工作。
EN: She can't wait to move to this city because she found her dream job here.

ZH: 这个家庭选择迁入一个更安全的社区，以保护他们的孩子。
EN: This family chose to move to a safer neighborhood to protect their children.

ZH: 这个公司决定迁至市中心，以便更方便接触客户。
EN: The company has decided to relocate to the city center for easier access to clients.

ZH: 他们计划迁往乡间，过上宁静的生活。
EN: They plan to move to the countryside for a peaceful life.
