ZH: 这次聚会的时间，我们可以稍微迁就一下吗？
EN: Can we make a slight accommodation for the timing of this gathering?

ZH: 为了大家方便，我们需要互相迁就一下。
EN: In order to make things easier for everyone, we need to accommodate each other.

ZH: 他总是迁就别人的需求，很少考虑自己。
EN: He always caters to other people's needs and rarely thinks about himself.

ZH: 在做决定的时候，我们需要平衡迁就与原则。
EN: When making decisions, we need to strike a balance between accommodation and principles.

ZH: 为了和谐相处，夫妻之间需要相互迁就。
EN: In order to get along harmoniously, couples need to make mutual accommodations.

ZH: 父母希望我做个安分守己的孩子，而我迁就他们的期望。
EN: My parents want me to be a well-behaved child, so I accommodate their expectations.

ZH: 在旅行中，大家需要彼此迁就，因为人人都有不同的节奏。
EN: During a trip, everyone needs to accommodate each other because everyone has different paces.

ZH: 为了和睦相处，邻居之间应该相互迁就一些小问题。
EN: In order to get along peacefully, neighbors should make some accommodations for minor issues.

ZH: 他总是对妻子百般迁就，使她感到很幸福。
EN: He always accommodates his wife in every possible way, making her feel very happy.

ZH: 我们需要在工作和家庭之间做一些迁就与平衡。
EN: We need to make some accommodations and balance between work and family.

ZH: 我们应该给弱势群体提供更多的迁就和支持。
EN: We should provide more accommodations and support for vulnerable groups.

ZH: 在团队中，大家需要相互迁就，以达到共同的目标。
EN: In a team, everyone needs to accommodate each other in order to achieve common goals.

ZH: 我可以迁就你一次，但是下次请准时到达。
EN: I can accommodate you this time, but please be on time next time.

ZH: 为了和谐相处，身为家庭成员的我们需要互相迁就。
EN: In order to get along harmoniously, as family members, we need to accommodate each other.

ZH: 这个计划需要一些迁就，以满足各方的需求。
EN: This plan requires some accommodations to meet the needs of all parties involved.

ZH: 在合作中，我们需要迁就对方的意见，以达到共同的利益。
EN: In collaboration, we need to accommodate each other's opinions in order to achieve mutual benefits.

ZH: 这个公司的管理者经常为员工做出一些迁就，以维持团队和谐。
EN: The managers of this company often make accommodations for employees to maintain team harmony.

ZH: 在婚姻中，双方需要相互迁就，以建立稳定的关系。
EN: In a marriage, both partners need to accommodate each other in order to build a stable relationship.

ZH: 我们应该尊重和迁就不同文化间的差异。
EN: We should respect and accommodate the differences between different cultures.

ZH: 这家餐馆经常接受客人的特殊要求，迁就他们的喜好。
EN: This restaurant often accommodates special requests from customers to cater to their preferences.
