ZH: 我们赶快上车，迎头赶上那辆公交车。
EN: We quickly got on the bus and caught up with that bus ahead.

ZH: 他加快了脚步，一路迎头赶上领先的选手。
EN: He quickened his pace and caught up with the leading athlete all the way.

ZH: 过了一段时间，她的球技得到了提高，迎头赶上了队友们。
EN: After a while, her basketball skills improved and caught up with her teammates.

ZH: 不要担心，只要努力，你总会迎头赶上的。
EN: Don't worry, as long as you work hard, you will eventually catch up.

ZH: 她在学习方面很用功，很快就可以迎头赶上班上的同学们。
EN: She is very diligent in her studies and will soon be able to catch up with her classmates.

ZH: 这个项目现在有些落后了，我们要迎头赶上才行。
EN: This project is falling behind a bit now, we need to catch up.

ZH: 她设定了每天一个目标，以便更快地迎头赶上进度。
EN: She set a daily goal in order to catch up with the progress faster.

ZH: 想要迎头赶上，就需要付出更多的努力。
EN: If you want to catch up, you need to put in more effort.

ZH: 我们之间的差距并不大，只需稍作努力就能迎头赶上。
EN: The gap between us is not big, with a little effort we can catch up.

ZH: 他一直没怎么学习，可是最近加班加点，终于迎头赶上了。
EN: He hasn't studied much, but recently he worked overtime and finally caught up.

ZH: 每一次失败都是迎头赶上成功的机会。
EN: Every failure is an opportunity to catch up with success.

ZH: 在这场比赛中，他们只须小心不要掉队，就能迎头赶上。
EN: In this game, they just need to be careful not to fall behind to catch up.

ZH: 虽然困难重重，但只要不放弃，总会迎头赶上。
EN: Despite the many difficulties, as long as you don't give up, you will eventually catch up.

ZH: 我们要抓住时机，迅速迎头赶上竞争对手。
EN: We must seize the opportunity to quickly catch up with our competitors.

ZH: 他们的团队总是能够在最后时刻迎头赶上。
EN: Their team always manages to catch up at the last moment.

ZH: 这部电视剧迎头赶上了最新的潮流，受到了年轻人的喜爱。
EN: This TV show has caught up with the latest trends and is loved by young people.

ZH: 昨天我病了，现在正努力迎头赶上未完成的工作。
EN: I was sick yesterday, now I am working hard to catch up with the unfinished tasks.

ZH: 别担心，我们制定了详细的计划，很快就能迎头赶上进度。
EN: Don't worry, we have made a detailed plan and will soon catch up with the progress.

ZH: 每一次落后都是迎头赶上的机会，只要抓住就好了。
EN: Every setback is an opportunity to catch up, just seize it.

ZH: 虽然现在比较困难，但只要一步步努力，总能迎头赶上。
EN: Although it is difficult now, as long as we work step by step, we can catch up eventually.
