ZH: 我要求商店返还我购买的损坏商品。
EN: I demand the store to refund me for the damaged goods I purchased.

ZH: 他们说如果我不满意产品，他们会返还我的钱。
EN: They said that if I am not satisfied with the product, they will refund my money.

ZH: 这家餐厅不但可以帮忙换菜，还可以返还未用完的钱。
EN: This restaurant not only helps with exchanging dishes, but also refunds any unused money.

ZH: 如果你不幸从这个网站上买了假货，你可以向他们要求返还。
EN: If you unfortunately bought counterfeit goods from this website, you can request a refund from them.

ZH: 我们公司的政策是如果客户不满意，我们会立即返还全款。
EN: Our company policy is to refund the full amount immediately if the customer is unsatisfied.

ZH: 他们买了张演唱会门票，后来因为变更日期，演出方返还了一部分钱。
EN: They bought a concert ticket, but due to a date change, the organizer refunded a portion of the money.

ZH: 如果包裹因为物流问题未能及时到达，我们将返还您的运费。
EN: If the package does not arrive on time due to logistics issues, we will refund your shipping cost.

ZH: 他们向公司提出退货申请，接着顺利获得了返还的金额。
EN: They requested a return from the company and smoothly received a refund of the amount.

ZH: 这件商品的质量有问题，我想要求返还货款。
EN: The quality of this product is problematic; I want to request a refund.

ZH: 如果您想取消订单，我们将尽快为您处理返还事宜。
EN: If you want to cancel the order, we will process the refund for you as soon as possible.

ZH: 他在网上购买了一个假的名牌包包，后来向卖家要求返还。
EN: He bought a fake designer bag online and later requested a refund from the seller.

ZH: 如果您在30天内未满意产品，我们将帮助您返还货款。
EN: If you are not satisfied with the product within 30 days, we will help you refund the payment.

ZH: 这个餐厅服务太差，我们要求返还支付的小费。
EN: The service at this restaurant is terrible, and we request a refund of the paid tip.

ZH: 由于技术问题，活动延期，他们决定返还所有购票者的费用。
EN: Due to technical issues and event postponement, they decided to refund the fees to all ticket buyers.

ZH: 如果您收到的商品与描述不符，我们将为您处理退款返还。
EN: If the product you received does not match the description, we will handle the refund for you.

ZH: 他们定制了一批服装，但发现有很多质量问题，后来给他们返还了整个订单的款项。
EN: They commissioned a batch of clothing, but found many quality issues, so they were refunded the entire order amount.

ZH: 她发现购买的电子产品有些功能无法正常运作，要求返还购款。
EN: She found that some functions of the purchased electronic products were not working properly, so she requested a refund.

ZH: 如果您购买的商品有任何问题，请立即联系我们以获得返还服务。
EN: If there are any issues with the products you purchased, please contact us immediately for a refund service.

ZH: 在返回客房钥匙时，酒店将会返还您押金。
EN: When returning the room key, the hotel will refund your deposit.

ZH: 由于运输问题，包裹到货时间延迟，我们会为您返还部分运费。
EN: Due to transportation issues causing a delay in the delivery time, we will refund a portion of your shipping fee.
