ZH: 我迫不及待地想要去旅行。
EN: I am eager to travel.

ZH: 妈妈做好晚饭，我们迫不及待地开饭吧！
EN: Mom, finish cooking the dinner, we can't wait to eat!

ZH: 进入大学后，我迫不及待地加入了学生会。
EN: After entering college, I eagerly joined the student council.

ZH: 万圣节马上就到了，孩子们迫不及待地要装扮成各种各样的怪物了。
EN: Halloween is coming soon, children can't wait to dress up as various monsters.

ZH: 发现新的美食时，我总是迫不及待地品尝。
EN: Whenever I discover new food, I can't wait to taste it.

ZH: 他迫不及待地打开礼物，看到自己想要的新手机。
EN: He eagerly opened the gift and saw the new phone he wanted.

ZH: 今天天气很好，我迫不及待地要出去晒太阳。
EN: The weather is great today, I can't wait to go outside and sunbathe.

ZH: 还有一天就要放假了，我们迫不及待地计划着去哪里玩。
EN: It's one day away from the holiday, we can't wait to plan where to go.

ZH: 看到新推出的电影预告片，我迫不及待地想要去电影院观看。
EN: After watching the trailer for the new movie, I can't wait to go to the cinema and watch it.

ZH: 圣诞节快到了，我们迫不及待地要给家里布置好节日装饰。
EN: Christmas is approaching, we can't wait to decorate the house with festive decorations.

ZH: 考试结束后，学生们迫不及待地交换试卷，比较答案。
EN: After the exam, the students eagerly exchanged papers to compare the answers.

ZH: 放学后，孩子们迫不及待地冲向操场，开始玩耍。
EN: After school, the children rushed to the playground eagerly, ready to play.

ZH: 经过了漫长的等待，我们终于迫不及待地迎来了新年。
EN: After a long wait, we finally eagerly welcomed the New Year.

ZH: 他迫不及待地拿出相机，开始记录这美丽的风景。
EN: He eagerly took out his camera and started capturing the beautiful scenery.

ZH: 演唱会马上开始了，大家迫不及待地涌向会场。
EN: The concert is about to start, everyone is eagerly heading towards the venue.

ZH: 新一期的杂志要出版了，读者们迫不及待地想要购买。
EN: The new issue of the magazine is about to be published, readers can't wait to buy it.

ZH: 放假后，我迫不及待地想见到长时间没有见面的朋友们。
EN: After the vacation, I can't wait to see friends I haven't seen for a long time.

ZH: 组织活动的提议一出来，大家都迫不及待地表示支持。
EN: As soon as the proposal for organizing the activity came out, everyone eagerly expressed their support.

ZH: 他迫不及待地开始阅读新买的小说。
EN: He eagerly started reading the newly bought novel.

ZH: 参加了美食展览会，我迫不及待地要品尝各种美味食物。
EN: After attending the food exhibition, I can't wait to taste all kinds of delicious food.
