ZH: 这家餐馆的服务态度逊色于其他餐馆。
EN: The service attitude in this restaurant is inferior to other restaurants.

ZH: 他的成绩总是逊色于其他同学。
EN: His grades are always inferior to other classmates.

ZH: 这部电影的特效逊色，没有给人以震撼感。
EN: The special effects in this movie are inferior, they didn't give a sense of shock.

ZH: 这个产品的质量逊色于竞争对手。
EN: The quality of this product is inferior to that of the competitors.

ZH: 这本书的内容逊色，不如我之前读过的那本有趣。
EN: The content of this book is inferior, it's not as interesting as the one I read before.

ZH: 这幅画的绘画技巧逊色，缺乏艺术气息。
EN: The painting skills of this artwork are inferior, lacking artistic touch.

ZH: 这场比赛我们的表现逊色，没有发挥出最好水平。
EN: Our performance was inferior in this game, we didn't play at our best level.

ZH: 这辆二手车的里程数逊色，已经开了很多公里。
EN: The mileage of this used car is inferior, it has been driven for many kilometers.

ZH: 这门课的教学效果逊色于其他课程。
EN: The teaching effectiveness of this course is inferior to other courses.

ZH: 这个品牌在市场上逊色，已经失去了竞争力。
EN: This brand is inferior in the market, it has lost its competitiveness.

ZH: 这个城市的环境卫生逊色，有很多垃圾和污染物。
EN: The environmental sanitation of this city is inferior, there is a lot of garbage and pollutants.

ZH: 这所学校的硬件设施逊色于其他学校。
EN: The hardware facilities of this school are inferior to other schools.

ZH: 这家公司的生产效率逊色于同行业的其他公司。
EN: The productivity of this company is inferior to other companies in the same industry.

ZH: 这个项目的实施效果逊色，没有达到预期的目标。
EN: The implementation effect of this project is inferior, it didn't achieve the expected goals.

ZH: 这个宾馆的客房设施逊色，没有提供高级的舒适体验。
EN: The room facilities in this hotel are inferior, they don't provide a high-level comfortable experience.

ZH: 这个鞋子的质量逊色，很容易损坏。
EN: The quality of these shoes is inferior, they are easily damaged.

ZH: 这个音响的音质逊色，听起来没有那么清晰。
EN: The sound quality of this audio system is inferior, it doesn't sound as clear.

ZH: 这个洗发水的效果逊色，没有解决我的头发问题。
EN: The effect of this shampoo is inferior, it didn't solve my hair issues.

ZH: 这家公司的服务质量逊色于其他竞争对手。
EN: The service quality of this company is inferior to its competitors.

ZH: 这款手机的电池续航能力逊色，无法支持长时间使用。
EN: The battery life of this mobile phone is inferior, it can't support long-term usage.
