ZH: 明天早上将有一条新的高速公路通车。
EN: A new highway will be open to traffic tomorrow morning.

ZH: 最近市政工程启动，导致交通较为拥堵，但一旦通车，情况将会改善。
EN: The recent municipal project has caused heavy traffic, but once it's open to traffic, the situation will improve.

ZH: 地铁公司宣布，下个月将有一条新线路通车。
EN: The metro company announced that a new line will be open to traffic next month.

ZH: 路口的交通信号灯最近坏了，需要维修，很快就会恢复通车。
EN: The traffic light at the intersection is currently broken and needs repair, but it will be open to traffic soon.

ZH: 这条街道直通市中心，因此车流量较大，一旦通车就会更加拥挤。
EN: This street leads directly to the city center, so once it's open to traffic, it will become more congested.

ZH: 昨天晚上突然发生了塌陷事件，导致道路无法通车。
EN: A sudden collapse occurred last night, causing the road to be closed to traffic.

ZH: 为了方便市民，市政府计划修建一座新的立交桥，以改善交通流量，预计本月通车。
EN: In order to facilitate the citizens, the city government plans to build a new overpass to improve traffic flow, expected to be open to traffic this month.

ZH: 桥梁工程临近竣工，很快就可以通车。
EN: The bridge project is nearing completion and will be open to traffic soon.

ZH: 路面施工已经完成，通车日期将在明天下午。
EN: The road construction has been completed, and the opening date will be tomorrow afternoon.

ZH: 这个高架桥建设了一年，终于通车了。
EN: The viaduct has been under construction for a year and it's finally open to traffic.

ZH: 一些地区的主干道正在进行修缮，预计通车时间将稍有延长。
EN: Some main roads in certain areas are being repaired, causing a slight delay in the opening to traffic.

ZH: 火车站对面的立交桥建设迅速，很快就可以通车。
EN: The overpass across from the train station is being built rapidly and will be open to traffic soon.

ZH: 市政府宣布将对繁忙的街道进行改造，以便更好地通车。
EN: The city government announced plans to renovate busy streets for better traffic flow.

ZH: 警察部门在道路上设置了封路标志，因此车辆无法通车。
EN: The police department has set up road closure signs, so vehicles cannot pass.

ZH: 高铁的新线路已经修建完成，即将通车。
EN: The new route for the high-speed train has been completed and will be open to traffic soon.

ZH: 要通车的新公交路线将使市民出行更加便捷。
EN: The new bus route that will be open to traffic soon will make it more convenient for citizens to travel.

ZH: 高速公路上出现了车祸，道路被封闭，不能通车。
EN: There was an accident on the highway, causing it to be closed to traffic.

ZH: 地铁站附近的隧道工程几乎完工，预计本周末通车。
EN: The tunnel project near the metro station is almost completed and is expected to be open to traffic this weekend.

ZH: 公交车站需要进行维修，暂时无法通车。
EN: The bus station needs repair and is temporarily closed to traffic.

ZH: 今天早晨下起了暴雨，导致一些道路无法通车。
EN: Heavy rain this morning has caused some roads to be closed to traffic.
