ZH: 这家公司被揭发造假。
EN: This company was exposed for fabricating information.

ZH: 老板因为造假被判刑五年。
EN: The boss was sentenced to five years in prison for fraudulent activities.

ZH: 警方正在对这起造假案进行调查。
EN: The police are currently investigating this case of deception.

ZH: 他被指控涉嫌造假。
EN: He was accused of being involved in falsification.

ZH: 这个产品的广告被指控存在造假行为。
EN: The advertisement for this product has been accused of fraudulent behavior.

ZH: 这位艺人因为涉嫌造假被粉丝们抵制。
EN: This celebrity was boycotted by fans for allegedly being involved in fabrication.

ZH: 这个报道涉及了一系列关于政府造假的指控。
EN: This report involves a series of allegations against the government's fabrication.

ZH: 这个对手传言他们曾经在比赛中造假。
EN: There are rumors that this opponent has engaged in deception during the match.

ZH: 这件作品的真实性正在受到质疑，有人认为它是造假的。
EN: The authenticity of this piece of work is being questioned, with some believing it to be a forgery.

ZH: 制药公司因为造假被罚款百万美元。
EN: The pharmaceutical company was fined millions of dollars for falsification.

ZH: 著名歌手因为他的音乐被指控造假，受到了公众的谴责。
EN: The famous singer faced public condemnation after his music was accused of being fabricated.

ZH: 这个公司的财务报表曾经被证明是造假的。
EN: The financial statements of this company were proven to be fraudulent.

ZH: 骗子们使用虚假的文件来造假。
EN: Fraudsters use fake documents to fabricate information.

ZH: 这个新闻报道被证实是造假的，没有任何真实的依据。
EN: This news report was confirmed to be a fabrication with no real evidence.

ZH: 这个公司以产生高额利润而闻名，但发现它是靠造假实现的。
EN: This company is known for generating high profits, but it was discovered that it was achieved through fabrication.

ZH: 这位运动员因为采取了不公平的手段而被禁赛，比如故意造假。
EN: This athlete was banned from competition for using unfair means, such as deliberate falsehoods.

ZH: 他为了达到销售目标而故意造假。
EN: He deliberately fabricated information in order to meet sales targets.

ZH: 这个科学研究被发现存在着大量的造假数据。
EN: This scientific research was found to contain a significant amount of fabricated data.

ZH: 这份合同被证明是造假的，签署前没有得到许可。
EN: This contract was proven to be a forgery as it was not authorized before signing.

ZH: 这个组织在彩票领域大量造假，被警方捣毁。
EN: This organization was raided by the police for engaging in widespread falsification in the lottery industry.
