ZH: 他回去重操旧业，重新开了一家餐馆。
EN: He went back to his old job and opened a restaurant again.

ZH: 她突然间想要重操旧业，开始写小说。
EN: She suddenly wanted to go back to her old job and started writing novels.

ZH: 父亲决定重操旧业，重新做起了木工。
EN: Father decided to go back to his old job and started working as a carpenter again.

ZH: 我想重操旧业，重新做一名画家。
EN: I want to go back to my old job and become a painter again.

ZH: 妈妈很享受重操旧业，重新开设一家花店。
EN: Mom enjoys going back to her old job and reopening a flower shop.

ZH: 他把所有的积蓄用来重操旧业，重新经营一家小饭馆。
EN: He used all his savings to go back to his old job and reopened a small restaurant.

ZH: 我打算放弃现在的工作，重操旧业。
EN: I plan to give up my current job and go back to my old job.

ZH: 昨天他突然决定要重操旧业，从事音乐制作。
EN: Yesterday he suddenly decided to go back to his old job and work in music production.

ZH: 她很喜欢重操旧业，重新做起了一名律师。
EN: She enjoys going back to her old job and becoming a lawyer again.

ZH: 我们都觉得重操旧业是最好的选择。
EN: We all think going back to our old job is the best choice.

ZH: 他找不到新的工作，只能重操旧业。
EN: He couldn't find a new job, so he had to go back to his old job.

ZH: 她觉得重操旧业会给自己带来满足感。
EN: She thinks going back to her old job will bring her satisfaction.

ZH: 公司倒闭后，他只能重操旧业。
EN: After the company closed down, he had to go back to his old job.

ZH: 失业后，他选择了重操旧业。
EN: After being unemployed, he chose to go back to his old job.

ZH: 虽然他从事了多年的职业，但他还是决定重操旧业。
EN: Although he had been in his profession for many years, he still decided to go back to his old job.

ZH: 过了几年，他发现自己还是最喜欢重操旧业。
EN: After a few years, he found that he still liked going back to his old job the most.

ZH: 重操旧业是他个人发展的最佳选择。
EN: Going back to his old job is the best choice for his personal development.

ZH: 他在别的领域找不到满意的工作，只好重操旧业。
EN: He couldn't find a satisfactory job in another field, so he had to go back to his old job.

ZH: 他在外地做了一段时间，现在决定回来重操旧业。
EN: After working in another city for a while, he decided to come back and go back to his old job.

ZH: 这段时间的经历让他更坚定了重操旧业的决心。
EN: The experiences during this period have strengthened his determination to go back to his old job.
