ZH: 这只小猫从沙发的下面钻出来了。
EN: The little cat crawled out from under the sofa.

ZH: 他不断地钻出水面，然后又迅速潜入水中。
EN: He repeatedly surfaced and then quickly dived back underwater.

ZH: 小鱼欢快地从岩石间钻出来，跳跃着游向远方。
EN: The little fish joyfully swam out from between the rocks and jumped towards the distance.

ZH: 钻出学校的门，他迎接了迎面而来的春风。
EN: When he walked out of the school gate, he was greeted by the welcoming spring breeze.

ZH: 这只兔子在灌木丛中钻出一个洞来。
EN: The rabbit dug out a hole from the bushes.

ZH: 他在地下室的角落里钻出了一只老鼠。
EN: He found a mouse crawling out from the corner of the basement.

ZH: 终于，他从自己的思维困境中钻了出来。
EN: Finally, he emerged from his cognitive dilemma.

ZH: 不要钻出真空的桶，它对你没有好处。
EN: Don't crawl out of the vacuum bucket, it won't do you any good.

ZH: 蜜蜂从鲜花中钻出来，带着花香飞向蓝天。
EN: Bees come out of the fresh flowers with the scent of flowers and fly towards the blue sky.

ZH: 他们说话声时不时从房间里钻出来，扰乱了整个会议室的秩序。
EN: Their voices occasionally leak out from the room, disrupting the order of the entire meeting room.

ZH: 雨滴从云层中钻出来，迅速落在地面上。
EN: Raindrops emerge from the clouds and quickly fall to the ground.

ZH: 那只小兔子从草丛中钻出来，吓了我一跳。
EN: The little rabbit crawled out of the grass and startled me.

ZH: 驱散黑暗后，阳光终于从云层中钻出来了。
EN: After dispelling the darkness, the sunlight finally emerged from the clouds.

ZH: 他的笑容从来都不会钻出他的嘴角。
EN: His smile never fails to appear on his lips.

ZH: 在阴云中，偶尔也会钻出一丝阳光。
EN: Occasionally, a ray of sunlight pierces through the clouds.

ZH: 小精灵们从树林中钻出来，在月光下跳舞。
EN: The fairies emerged from the woods and danced in the moonlight.

ZH: 自从他失去工作，他试图找到其他出路，钻出困境。
EN: Since he lost his job, he has been trying to find another way out and overcome his difficulties.

ZH: 婴儿从母亲的怀里钻出来，展开了探索世界的旅程。
EN: The baby squirmed out of its mother's arms, beginning its journey of exploring the world.

ZH: 他看起来一直沉浸在工作中，从未钻出来。
EN: He seems to always be immersed in his work and never emerges.

ZH: 涟漪从湖面下钻出来，扩散到整个湖面。
EN: Ripples emerge from below the surface of the lake and spread across the entire water.

ZH: 群鸟从树林中钻出来，组成了壮观的队形。
EN: The flock of birds emerged from the woods, forming a magnificent formation.
