ZH: 他一直在谋划这个项目，但最后却被人家闭门羹。
EN: He was planning this project all along, but in the end, he was given the cold shoulder.

ZH: 这家公司已经连续三次给我闭门羹了。
EN: This company has given me the cold shoulder three times in a row.

ZH: 最近申请工作都遇到闭门羹，我有些灰心。
EN: I have been getting the cold shoulder in my job applications recently, and it's disheartening.

ZH: 不管怎么努力，把他们感化的机会都被我给闭门羹了。
EN: No matter how hard I try, I always end up giving them the cold shoulder.

ZH: 我原以为可以得到老板的支持，结果还是闹了个闭门羹。
EN: I thought I could count on my boss's support, but instead, I got the cold shoulder.

ZH: 他向大家借钱时，每个人都给了他一个闭门羹。
EN: When he asked everyone for money, they all gave him the cold shoulder.

ZH: 这种态度只会为你关上很多很多的门，让你一直闭门羹。
EN: This attitude will only close many doors for you and give you the cold shoulder.

ZH: 要想成功，你不能对任何人闭门羹。
EN: If you want to succeed, you can't give anyone the cold shoulder.

ZH: 对于创新想法，我们应该敞开大门，而不是给它们闭门羹。
EN: For innovative ideas, we should keep our doors open instead of giving them the cold shoulder.

ZH: 公司没有给我机会发展，完全是闭门羹。
EN: The company didn't give me any opportunities to grow, it was a complete cold shoulder.

ZH: 对人家总是闭门羹，你何时才能明白别人的辛苦呢？
EN: When will you understand the hardships of others if you always give them the cold shoulder?

ZH: 别对新同事给以闭门羹，多交流才能团结合作。
EN: Don't give the new colleague the cold shoulder, unity and cooperation come from communication.

ZH: 我不知道为什么他对我闭门羹，我们以前关系很好的。
EN: I don't know why he is giving me the cold shoulder; we used to have a good relationship.

ZH: 闭门羹是种让人觉得受伤的拒绝。
EN: The cold shoulder is a rejection that makes people feel hurt.

ZH: 他对我来说像是我家门外的闭门羹。
EN: He feels like a cold shoulder waiting outside my door.

ZH: 他的封闭心态总是让人感觉被他闭门羹。
EN: His closed mentality always makes people feel like they are getting the cold shoulder from him.

ZH: 虽然也有人给我闭门羹，但我不会放弃努力。
EN: Despite some people giving me the cold shoulder, I won't give up my efforts.

ZH: 面对闭门羹，要学会坚持自己的信念。
EN: In the face of the cold shoulder, one must learn to stand by their beliefs.

ZH: 我再也忍受不了人们给我闭门羹。
EN: I can't tolerate people giving me the cold shoulder anymore.

ZH: 她选择了不再闭门羹别人，而是给予支持和鼓励。
EN: She chose not to give others the cold shoulder anymore, but to offer support and encouragement.
