ZH: 昨天晚上在酒吧闹事的人被警察带走了。
EN: The person causing trouble at the bar last night was taken away by the police.

ZH: 他们在街上闹事，吓坏了周围的居民。
EN: They caused a scene on the street, scaring the nearby residents.

ZH: 这家店因为员工闹事而被迫关闭了。
EN: This shop was forced to close down due to the employees causing trouble.

ZH: 我们不能容忍在学校里闹事的学生。
EN: We cannot tolerate students causing trouble in the school.

ZH: 他们在会议上闹事，使得整个场面乱作一团。
EN: They caused a scene at the meeting, making the whole situation chaotic.

ZH: 那个人一进酒吧就开始闹事。
EN: That person started causing trouble as soon as he entered the bar.

ZH: 他们被警察逮捕了，因为在商场里闹事。
EN: They were arrested by the police for causing trouble in the mall.

ZH: 那个小孩在超市里闹事，把货架上的东西都弄倒了。
EN: The child caused trouble in the supermarket, knocking down things on the shelves.

ZH: 警察及时赶到，阻止了示威者继续闹事。
EN: The police arrived in time to stop the protesters from causing further trouble.

ZH: 这种行为是不能被允许的，他们闹事就是要受到惩罚。
EN: This kind of behavior cannot be tolerated, they will be punished for causing trouble.

ZH: 被指控在公共场所闹事的人将会被法律追究责任。
EN: People accused of causing trouble in public places will be held accountable by the law.

ZH: 她一气之下开始在家里闹事，把家具都砸坏了。
EN: She started causing trouble at home in anger, smashing all the furniture.

ZH: 如果你闹事的话，会给整个团队带来麻烦。
EN: If you cause trouble, it will bring trouble to the whole team.

ZH: 这些人闹事的目的是要引起政府的重视。
EN: The purpose of causing trouble for these people is to attract the attention of the government.

ZH: 我们要坚决制止在公共场所闹事的行为。
EN: We must resolutely stop the behavior of causing trouble in public places.

ZH: 学校严厉处理那些在校园内闹事的学生。
EN: The school deals severely with students who cause trouble on campus.

ZH: 警察要求示威者停止闹事并离开现场。
EN: The police asked the protesters to stop causing trouble and leave the scene.

ZH: 他一脸不屑地对着警察大声喊叫，试图在警局里闹事。
EN: He shouted loudly at the police with a look of disdain, trying to cause trouble at the police station.

ZH: 他在咖啡厅里闹事，把咖啡杯摔碎了。
EN: He caused trouble in the coffee shop, smashing the coffee cup.

ZH: 示威者闹事的行为导致了现场混乱。
EN: The behavior of causing trouble by the protesters led to chaos on the scene.
