ZH: 他因为犯罪被判处20年监禁，将陪罪在监狱中度过。
EN: He was sentenced to 20 years in prison for his crime and will serve his time in jail.
ZH: 我们应该让犯罪分子陪罪，以保护社会的安全。
EN: We should make criminals pay for their crimes to protect the safety of society.
ZH: 这个罪犯被迫无限期陪罪，因为他一直拒绝悔过。
EN: This criminal has been forced to pay for his crimes indefinitely because he has refused to repent.
ZH: 他为自己的恶行感到自责，愿意陪罪以换取赎罪机会。
EN: He feels remorseful for his wrongdoing and is willing to pay for his crimes in order to seek redemption.
ZH: 这个人陪罪多年后，终于开始重新融入社会。
EN: After years of paying for his crimes, this person has finally begun to reintegrate into society.
ZH: 这个母亲陪罪了很久，为了赎回自己的过错，一直在供养儿子。
EN: This mother has been paying for her sins for a long time by supporting her son in order to redeem herself.
ZH: 不要觉得陪罪就可以解决所有问题，我们还需要采取更多的预防措施。
EN: Don't think that paying for your crimes can solve all the problems, we still need to take more preventive measures.
ZH: 他出了错，但是至少他愿意陪罪，承担后果。
EN: He made a mistake, but at least he is willing to pay for it and accept the consequences.
ZH: 逃避处罚并不能让你逃脱责任，你终究还是得陪罪。
EN: Avoiding punishment won't let you escape responsibility, in the end, you will still have to pay for your crimes.
ZH: 她为自己的糟糕决定陪罪，并承认自己对不起那些受害者。
EN: She paid for her bad decisions and admitted that she was sorry for those victims.
ZH: 这个犯罪团伙应该陪罪一辈子，他们犯下了太多无法挽回的罪行。
EN: This criminal gang should pay for their crimes for a lifetime, as they have committed too many irreparable offenses.
ZH: 犯罪活动对于个人和家庭都带来了极大的痛苦，罪犯需要陪罪。
EN: Criminal activities have brought great pain to individuals and families, and the criminals need to pay for their crimes.
ZH: 他意识到自己的错误后，决定为自己的过失陪罪。
EN: After realizing his mistake, he decided to pay for his fault.
ZH: 恶意伤人是一种无法原谅的罪行，肇事者必须陪罪。
EN: Inflicting harm on others with malice is an unforgivable crime, and the perpetrator must be punished.
ZH: 那个人在法庭上诚实地承认了自己的罪行，并表示愿意陪罪。
EN: The person honestly admitted their crimes in court and expressed their willingness to pay for them.
ZH: 假如你犯了罪，没有退路可走，只能认罪并陪罪。
EN: If you commit a crime and have no way out, you can only plead guilty and pay for your crimes.
ZH: 有时候，道歉与陪罪并不能换取每个人的原谅。
EN: Sometimes, apologizing and paying for your crimes cannot guarantee forgiveness from everyone.
ZH: 她实在忍受不了内疚感，决定陪罪来补偿受害者。
EN: She couldn't bear the guilt and decided to pay for her crimes to compensate the victims.
ZH: 这个罪犯在监狱里陪罪期间，意识到了自己的错误。
EN: This criminal, while paying for his crimes in prison, realized his mistake.
ZH: 拯救罪犯的灵魂并不仅仅是陪罪，还需要帮助他们改过自新。
EN: Saving the souls of criminals requires not only paying for their crimes but also helping them turn over a new leaf.
