ZH: 我喜欢旅行，可以随心所欲地去任何地方。
EN: I love traveling and can go wherever I want.

ZH: 学会了自律，就可以随心所欲地规划自己的时间。
EN: Once you learn self-discipline, you can plan your own time as you wish.

ZH: 在这个画展上，你可以随心所欲地欣赏名画。
EN: At this art exhibition, you can freely appreciate famous paintings as you wish.

ZH: 这个公园里有很多玩耍的设施，让孩子们可以随心所欲地玩耍。
EN: This park has many play facilities for kids to play freely as they wish.

ZH: 她没有固定的工作时间，可以随心所欲地安排自己的工作。
EN: She doesn't have a fixed work schedule and can arrange her work as she wishes.

ZH: 周末的时候，我可以随心所欲地选择是否出去聚会。
EN: On weekends, I can freely choose whether to go out and socialize as I wish.

ZH: 在家工作的好处是可以随心所欲地安排工作和生活。
EN: The benefit of working from home is being able to arrange work and life as you wish.

ZH: 当你有了自己的车，就可以随心所欲地去任何地方。
EN: When you have your own car, you can go anywhere as you wish.

ZH: 他是个自由行的旅行者，可以随心所欲地前往任何目的地。
EN: He is a solo traveler and can go to any destination as he wishes.

ZH: 在这个假期，我们可以随心所欲地计划自己的日程表。
EN: During this vacation, we can plan our own schedule as we wish.

ZH: 随心所欲的人生是每个人的梦想。
EN: A life where you can do as you wish is everyone's dream.

ZH: 他很自由，总是随心所欲地做他自己喜欢的事情。
EN: He is very free and always does what he likes as he wishes.

ZH: 天气晴朗的时候，我可以随心所欲地去公园散步。
EN: When the weather is nice, I can freely go for a walk in the park as I wish.

ZH: 如果你有了足够的财富，可以随心所欲地购买你喜欢的东西。
EN: If you have enough wealth, you can freely buy things you like as you wish.

ZH: 在这个游乐园，孩子们可以随心所欲地玩耍，尽情享受快乐时光。
EN: In this amusement park, kids can play freely and enjoy happy moments as they wish.

ZH: 他选择了自由职业，这样可以随心所欲地安排自己的工作时间。
EN: He chose freelance work so he can arrange his work schedule as he wishes.

ZH: 大家都希望能够随心所欲地选择自己喜欢的职业。
EN: Everyone hopes to be able to freely choose a career they like as they wish.

ZH: 随心所欲地旅行，让我对不同的文化有了更多的了解。
EN: Traveling freely allows me to have a better understanding of different cultures.

ZH: 如果没有约束，人们往往容易随心所欲地作出决定。
EN: Without constraints, people tend to make decisions as they wish.

ZH: 在这个舞台上表演，我可以随心所欲地展示自己的才艺。
EN: Performing on this stage allows me to freely showcase my talent as I wish.
