ZH: 随着时间的推移，人们的观念会发生变化。
EN: With the passage of time, people's perspectives will change.

ZH: 随着科技的进步，我们的生活越来越方便。
EN: With the advancement of technology, our lives are becoming more and more convenient.

ZH: 随着季节的变化，气温也会有所波动。
EN: With the change of seasons, the temperature will fluctuate.

ZH: 随着人口的增长，社会问题也会日益突出。
EN: With the growth of the population, social issues will become increasingly prominent.

ZH: 随着经济的发展，人们的生活水平有所提高。
EN: With the development of the economy, people's living standards have improved.

ZH: 随着草原的蔓延，牛羊们无法找到足够的食物。
EN: With the spread of the grassland, the cattle and sheep cannot find enough food.

ZH: 随着年龄的增长，人的体力会逐渐下降。
EN: With the increase of age, a person's physical strength will gradually decline.

ZH: 随着气候变暖，冰川融化的速度正在加快。
EN: With the warming climate, the melting speed of glaciers is accelerating.

ZH: 随着种植业的发展，农民们的收入也在增加。
EN: With the development of agriculture, farmers' incomes are also increasing.

ZH: 随着全球化的发展，交流和合作变得更加频繁和紧密。
EN: With the development of globalization, communication and cooperation have become more frequent and close.

ZH: 随着新政策的实施，教育系统将进行一系列的改革。
EN: With the implementation of the new policy, the education system will undergo a series of reforms.

ZH: 随着城市化进程的推进，农村人口不断减少。
EN: With the progress of urbanization, the rural population is constantly decreasing.

ZH: 随着人们生活水平的提高，消费习惯也发生了很大的变化。
EN: With the improvement of people's living standards, consumption habits have also undergone significant changes.

ZH: 随着交通条件的改善，旅游业蓬勃发展。
EN: With the improvement of transportation conditions, the tourism industry is flourishing.

ZH: 随着自然资源的枯竭，人们开始关注可持续发展的问题。
EN: With the depletion of natural resources, people are beginning to pay attention to sustainable development issues.

ZH: 随着人民的觉醒，社会正义得到了更多的重视。
EN: With the awakening of the people, social justice is receiving more attention.

ZH: 随着科学技术的突飞猛进，人类探索宇宙的能力大大增强。
EN: With the rapid advancement of science and technology, human ability to explore the universe has greatly enhanced.

ZH: 随着健康意识的提高，人们开始更加注重饮食的健康与平衡。
EN: With the increasing awareness of health, people are paying more attention to the health and balance of their diets.

ZH: 随着全球化的浪潮，各国之间的文化交流日益频繁。
EN: With the wave of globalization, cultural exchanges between countries are becoming increasingly frequent.

ZH: 随着经济全球化的推进，跨国公司发展迅速。
EN: With the advancement of economic globalization, multinational corporations are developing rapidly.
