ZH: 这个老板真的很难搞，他总是忘了我们的请求。
EN: This boss is really hard to deal with, he always forgets our requests.

ZH: 我觉得她的性格很难搞，无论做什么事都要争一番。
EN: I find her personality difficult to handle, she always has to argue about everything.

ZH: 我的手机坏了，修理店里的服务员也很难搞。
EN: My phone broke and the attendant at the repair shop was also hard to deal with.

ZH: 这种机器很难搞懂，需要专业的培训才能操作。
EN: This machine is difficult to understand, professional training is needed to operate it.

ZH: 他的脾气很难搞，有时候突然就发火了。
EN: His temper is hard to handle, sometimes he suddenly gets angry.

ZH: 这个风格的设计很难搞，需要很多的细节考虑。
EN: This style of design is difficult to handle, it requires a lot of attention to detail.

ZH: 这个项目很难搞定，需要更多的时间和资源。
EN: This project is hard to accomplish, it requires more time and resources.

ZH: 这个地区的交通非常拥堵，真是难搞。
EN: The traffic in this area is extremely congested, it's really hard to deal with.

ZH: 我们家附近总是有人放烟花，太难搞了。
EN: There are always people setting off fireworks near our house, it's so hard to handle.

ZH: 这个孩子特别调皮，非常难搞教。
EN: This child is particularly mischievous, very difficult to teach.

ZH: 这个市场竞争激烈，生意很难搞。
EN: The market is highly competitive, doing business is difficult.

ZH: 他的问题很难搞清楚，总是讲不明白。
EN: It's hard to figure out his problems, he always can't explain clearly.

ZH: 这个论文的内容太专业了，对我来说很难搞。
EN: The content of this paper is too specialized, it's hard for me to understand.

ZH: 在这个团队里，有个人很难搞，总是搞不定任务。
EN: In this team, there is a person who is hard to handle, always unable to complete tasks.

ZH: 这个项目的进展非常缓慢，真的很难搞。
EN: The progress of this project is very slow, it's really difficult to handle.

ZH: 我的电脑经常出问题，真是难搞。
EN: My computer often has problems, it's really hard to deal with.

ZH: 他的人际关系非常复杂，很难搞清楚他的朋友是谁。
EN: His relationships are very complicated, it's difficult to figure out who his friends are.

ZH: 这个考试的题目很难，很多学生都觉得搞不定。
EN: The questions on this exam are difficult, many students feel like they can't handle it.

ZH: 这个地方的工作非常辛苦，很难搞。
EN: The work in this place is very demanding, it's hard to handle.

ZH: 这场赛事的安排非常混乱，对观众来说很难搞。
EN: The organization of this event is very chaotic, it's difficult for the audience to handle.
