ZH: 这个人的谎言终于露出马脚了。
EN: This person's lie has finally been exposed.

ZH: 他随便编了一个理由，结果马上露出马脚了。
EN: He made up an excuse on the spot, but it was quickly exposed.

ZH: 只要用心观察，真相迟早会露出马脚。
EN: As long as you observe carefully, the truth will eventually be exposed.

ZH: 当警察询问他的时候，他的谎言很快就露出了马脚。
EN: When the police questioned him, his lie quickly became apparent.

ZH: 这种骗局总有一天会露出马脚的。
EN: This kind of scam will eventually be exposed.

ZH: 他故意删掉了一些证据，但还是露出了马脚。
EN: He deliberately deleted some evidence, but still revealed his true intentions.

ZH: 这个消息来源非常可疑，很可能随时会露出马脚。
EN: This news source is very suspicious and could reveal its true nature at any time.

ZH: 别人可能不了解他的真面目，但在我面前，他早就露出马脚了。
EN: Others may not know his true face, but in front of me, he has long revealed his true intentions.

ZH: 他的行为举止总能让人感觉他有什么不对劲的地方，始终露出马脚。
EN: His behavior always makes people feel that something is wrong, consistently revealing his true intentions.

ZH: 这个陌生人的言行举止立刻就露出了马脚。
EN: The words and actions of this stranger immediately revealed their true intentions.

ZH: 面对质疑，他的辩解很快就露出了马脚。
EN: When faced with questioning, his defense quickly revealed his true intentions.

ZH: 在这场辩论中，对方的观点很快就露出了马脚。
EN: In this debate, the other party's argument quickly revealed its flaws.

ZH: 他的那番话让所有人开始怀疑他是否在隐瞒什么，露出了马脚。
EN: His words made everyone start to suspect whether he was hiding something, revealing his true intentions.

ZH: 这个计划太草率，很容易就会露出马脚。
EN: This plan is too hasty and is very likely to reveal its flaws.

ZH: 很多骗局最终都会因为一个小疏漏而露出马脚。
EN: Many scams eventually reveal their flaws due to a small oversight.

ZH: 一位好的侦探总能在案件中找出凶手的露出马脚之处。
EN: A good detective can always find the killer's flaws in a case.

ZH: 在这个过程中，问题会逐渐浮出水面，露出马脚。
EN: During this process, problems will gradually surface and reveal their flaws.

ZH: 他的言行举止总是让人觉得他在隐藏什么，不禁露出了马脚。
EN: His words and actions always make people feel that he is hiding something, inadvertently revealing his true intentions.

ZH: 许多欺骗手段终将因为某一细节的渗透而露出马脚。
EN: Many deceptive tactics will eventually be exposed due to the infiltration of a certain detail.

ZH: 在政治斗争中，对手的真面目很可能会露出马脚。
EN: In political struggles, the true face of opponents is likely to be exposed.
