ZH: 他在社交媒体上勇敢地露脸，为自己的观点辩护。
EN: He bravely showed his face on social media to defend his point of view.

ZH: 这位歌手在演唱会上意外露脸，令观众大呼惊喜。
EN: The singer accidentally appeared on stage during the concert, causing the audience to cheer in surprise.

ZH: 她有点害羞，不太喜欢在公众场合露脸。
EN: She is a bit shy and doesn't like to show her face in public.

ZH: 可以透过视频会议露脸，省去了不必要的出行和开支。
EN: You can show your face through video conferencing, saving unnecessary travel and expenses.

ZH: 从小到大，他都没在电视上露过脸，很低调。
EN: He has never appeared on TV from childhood to adulthood, and he is very low-key.

ZH: 她是位著名的网红，天天在社交媒体上露脸。
EN: She is a famous internet celebrity, showing her face on social media every day.

ZH: 为了保护个人隐私，他决定不再露脸。
EN: In order to protect his personal privacy, he decided not to show his face anymore.

ZH: 意外地在街上露脸，被一群粉丝认出来，场面一度很混乱。
EN: He accidentally showed his face on the street and was recognized by a group of fans. The scene was chaotic for a while.

ZH: 虽然不喜欢露脸，但他还是参加了这次的采访活动。
EN: Although he doesn't like to show his face, he still participated in this interview event.

ZH: 露脸不是目的，只是为了宣传新电影。
EN: Showing their faces is not the purpose, but just to promote the new movie.

ZH: 在不需要露脸的情况下，他依然能在网络上积极发声。
EN: Even without showing his face, he can still actively express his opinions online.

ZH: 他通过视频通话，和朋友们在另一端露脸聊天。
EN: He showed his face through video calls and chatted with friends on the other end.

ZH: 她着急地跑到派对现场，只为了再次露脸和老朋友们见面。
EN: She hurriedly ran to the party venue just to show her face and meet old friends again.

ZH: 为了提高知名度，他经常参加各种活动来露脸。
EN: In order to increase his popularity, he often participates in various activities to show his face.

ZH: 他们在电视节目中大方地露脸，为自己的事业打广告。
EN: They boldly showed their faces on TV shows to advertise their careers.

ZH: 她写作的文章广受欢迎，但人们却很少能在网络上看到她的照片，如同她从不露脸一样。
EN: Her written articles are highly praised, but people rarely see her photos online, as if she never shows her face.

ZH: 忍不住有些好奇，他开始搜索明星们未露脸的照片。
EN: Unable to resist curiosity, he started searching for photos of celebrities who haven't shown their faces.

ZH: 对于隐私保护，他一直坚持不露脸。
EN: He has always insisted on not showing his face for privacy protection.

ZH: 世界知名的模特儿都习惯于在时装秀上露脸。
EN: World-famous models are used to showing their faces on fashion shows.

ZH: 为了避免被媒体认出，她戴着帽子和墨镜，尽量不露脸。
EN: In order to avoid being recognized by the media, she wears a hat and sunglasses, trying not to show her face.
