ZH: 我不管这件事的青红皂白，我只知道我没做错。
EN: I don't care about the details of this matter, I just know I didn't do anything wrong.

ZH: 很多人对这个话题的青红皂白都不清楚。
EN: Many people are unclear about the details of this topic.

ZH: 他不愿意去探究这个难题的青红皂白。
EN: He is unwilling to delve into the details of this difficult problem.

ZH: 我们需要了解这个案件的青红皂白才能做出判断。
EN: We need to understand the details of this case in order to make a judgment.

ZH: 别人的传言说法都只是青红皂白，我们还需要调查才能得知真相。
EN: Other people's rumors are just details, we need to investigate to know the truth.

ZH: 他总是能准确地回忆起事件的青红皂白。
EN: He can always accurately recall the details of events.

ZH: 这种事情的青红皂白不言而喻。
EN: The details of this matter are self-evident.

ZH: 只有了解了事件的青红皂白，才能做出明智的决定。
EN: Only by understanding the details of the event can wise decisions be made.

ZH: 没有必要过分关注事件的青红皂白。
EN: There is no need to focus too much on the details of the event.

ZH: 我有必要为别人误解我行为的青红皂白做出解释。
EN: I need to explain the details of my actions to clarify misunderstandings.

ZH: 他很擅长总结大量信息，提炼出事情的青红皂白。
EN: He is very skilled at summarizing a large amount of information and extracting the details of things.

ZH: 有人将这个事故的青红皂白添油加醋地说给大家听。
EN: Someone exaggerated the details of this accident and told everyone.

ZH: 得知丈夫出轨的青红皂白后，她冷静地做了反应。
EN: After learning the details of her husband's affair, she reacted calmly.

ZH: 他花了很多时间调查事件的青红皂白。
EN: He spent a lot of time investigating the details of the event.

ZH: 他们争执了很久，就是因为无法弄清事情的青红皂白。
EN: They argued for a long time because they couldn't figure out the details of the matter.

ZH: 我们不应该只看表面，要深入了解事件的青红皂白。
EN: We shouldn't just look at the surface, we need to get a deeper understanding of the details of the event.

ZH: 老师要求学生了解故事的青红皂白，并从中获得启示。
EN: The teacher asked the students to understand the details of the story and gain insights from it.

ZH: 我们无法只凭一面之词就判断事情的青红皂白。
EN: We cannot judge the details of the matter based on just one side of the story.

ZH: 当事人对事件的青红皂白有不同的解释。
EN: The parties involved have different explanations for the details of the event.
