ZH: 资金不足，我们的扩建计划鞭长莫及。
EN: Our expansion plan is beyond reach due to insufficient funds.
ZH: 他希望能够参加演讲比赛，但他的口才鞭长莫及。
EN: He wanted to participate in the speech competition, but his public speaking skills are not up to par.
ZH: 这次疫情对于我们来说是个巨大的挑战，我们的应对能力鞭长莫及。
EN: This pandemic is a huge challenge for us, and our ability to cope falls short.
ZH: 学生们都想参加这场比赛，但是名额有限，很多人鞭长莫及。
EN: Many students want to participate in this competition, but the spots are limited, and many are unable to join.
ZH: 他想成为世界级的足球运动员，但他的技术还鞭长莫及。
EN: He wants to become a world-class soccer player, but his skills are not up to that level yet.
ZH: 由于交通受阻，救援队伍的到达时间鞭长莫及。
EN: Due to the blocked roads, the rescue team's arrival time is uncertain.
ZH: 这个小村庄的发展水平相对较低，城市的资源鞭长莫及。
EN: The development level of this small village is relatively low, and it lacks access to the resources available in the city.
ZH: 我们想赢得比赛，但是对手的实力鞭长莫及。
EN: We want to win the game, but the opponent's strength is far beyond our reach.
ZH: 尽管我们很想帮助，但是我们的能力鞭长莫及。
EN: Despite our strong desire to help, our capabilities fall short.
ZH: 外部环境的不确定性让我们的计划鞭长莫及。
EN: The uncertainty of the external environment hinders our plans.
ZH: 虽然有好的投资机会，但是我们的资金鞭长莫及。
EN: Despite the good investment opportunities, our funds are insufficient.
ZH: 想要参加这次国际会议，但是我们的名额鞭长莫及。
EN: We want to participate in this international conference, but the quota is limited.
ZH: 尽管我很想去旅行，但是时间上鞭长莫及。
EN: Although I really want to travel, time is tight for me.
ZH: 他梦想成为一名作家，但是他的写作水平鞭长莫及。
EN: He dreams of becoming a writer, but his writing skills are not up to par.
ZH: 虽然我们想要提高生产效率，但是员工数量有限，我们的能力鞭长莫及。
EN: Although we want to improve productivity, our limited workforce hinders our capabilities.
ZH: 他很渴望经营自己的企业，但是他的经验鞭长莫及。
EN: He is eager to run his own business, but his lack of experience holds him back.
ZH: 我们想要做更多的慈善事业，但是资金上鞭长莫及。
EN: We want to do more charity work, but our funds are limited.
ZH: 这个项目的执行需要大量的人力资源，但我们的招聘力度鞭长莫及。
EN: The execution of this project requires a lot of human resources, but our recruitment efforts are falling short.
ZH: 尽管我们积极寻找解决方案，但是可行性鞭长莫及。
EN: Although we are actively seeking solutions, the feasibility is beyond reach for now.
ZH: 即使我们希望改善教育条件，但是投资教育的资金鞭长莫及。
EN: Even though we want to improve the educational conditions, the funds available for investing in education fall short.
