ZH: 他顾全了自己的利益。 (He looked out for his own interests.)
EN: He took care of his own interests.

ZH: 她顾全了公司的声誉。 (She protected the company's reputation.)
EN: She safeguarded the company's reputation.

ZH: 他顾全了家庭的幸福。 (He ensured the happiness of his family.)
EN: He secured the well-being of his family.

ZH: 她顾全了朋友的感受。 (She took her friends' feelings into consideration.)
EN: She considered her friends' feelings.

ZH: 他尽力顾全各方面的利益。 (He tried his best to safeguard the interests of all parties.)
EN: He made every effort to protect the interests of all parties.

ZH: 她让道德原则顾全所有决策。 (She allowed moral principles to guide all decisions.)
EN: She let moral principles dictate all decisions.

ZH: 他没有顾全后果。 (He didn't consider the consequences.)
EN: He didn't take the consequences into account.

ZH: 她总是能顾全大局。 (She always sees the bigger picture.)
EN: She always considers the overall situation.

ZH: 他只顾全自己的利益。 (He only looks after his own interests.)
EN: He only cares about his own interests.

ZH: 她没有顾全他人的感受。 (She doesn't consider others' feelings.)
EN: She doesn't take others' feelings into account.

ZH: 他十分重视顾全团队的利益。 (He values safeguarding the team's interests greatly.)
EN: He highly values protecting the team's interests.

ZH: 她顾全了所有人的权益。 (She protected everyone's rights.)
EN: She safeguarded the rights of everyone.

ZH: 他不会顾全大局。 (He doesn't consider the bigger picture.)
EN: He doesn't think beyond immediate matters.

ZH: 她一直顾全他人的利益。 (She has always looked out for others' interests.)
EN: She has always considered the interests of others.

ZH: 他顾全了不同观点的利益。 (He balanced the interests of different perspectives.)
EN: He took into account the interests of different viewpoints.

ZH: 她总是能顾全到细节。 (She always pays attention to details.)
EN: She always takes into consideration the details.

ZH: 他为了顾全大家的利益做出了妥协。 (He made compromises in order to safeguard everyone's interests.)
EN: He made compromises to protect the interests of everyone.

ZH: 她不在乎自己的形象，只顾全公正。 (She doesn't care about her image, only justice.)
EN: She doesn't care about her image, only fairness.

ZH: 他顾全大家的利益而牺牲了自己。 (He sacrificed himself for the sake of everyone's interests.)
EN: He sacrificed himself for the sake of everyone's interests.

ZH: 她顾全到了所有困难的解决方案。 (She considered all possible solutions to the difficulties.)
EN: She took into account all possible solutions to the difficulties.
