ZH: 面对突发情况，我们必须要首当其冲做出反应。
EN: In face of unexpected situations, we must be the first to respond.

ZH: 环保意识应该是我们首当其冲要关注的问题。
EN: Environmental awareness should be the first thing we should pay attention to.

ZH: 作为领导者，你必须首当其冲为团队做出决策。
EN: As a leader, you must be the first to make decisions for the team.

ZH: 领导者在危机时期会首当其冲承担责任。
EN: Leaders will be the first to take responsibility in times of crisis.

ZH: 对于疫情的蔓延，我们必须首当其冲采取措施来遏制。
EN: In the face of the spread of the epidemic, we must be the first to take measures to curb it.

ZH: 在面临挑战时，我们需要首当其冲解决问题。
EN: When facing challenges, we need to be the first to solve problems.

ZH: 这个问题的严重性要求我们首当其冲采取行动。
EN: The seriousness of this issue requires us to be the first to take action.

ZH: 在应急情况下，医护人员必须首当其冲保护病人的生命。
EN: In emergency situations, medical staff must be the first to protect the lives of patients.

ZH: 在团队中，你应该首当其冲为团队树立表率。
EN: In a team, you should be the first to set an example for the team.

ZH: 他是这次工作失误的首当其冲责任人。
EN: He is the person primarily responsible for this work mistake.

ZH: 在团队中，大家都应该首当其冲保护弱势群体。
EN: In the team, everyone should be the first to protect vulnerable groups.

ZH: 在公司内部问题暴露之后，高层管理者应该首当其冲承担责任。
EN: After internal issues are exposed in the company, senior management should be the first to take responsibility.

ZH: 他们两兄弟之间出了事故，弟弟首当其冲承担责任。
EN: The two brothers had an accident, and the younger brother was the first to take responsibility.

ZH: 作为新来的员工，你要首当其冲学习公司的制度和规定。
EN: As a new employee, you should be the first to learn the company's system and regulations.

ZH: 在团队讨论中，我们应该首当其冲提出解决方案。
EN: In team discussions, we should be the first to propose solutions.

ZH: 疫情期间，我们每个人都应该首当其冲遵守防控措施。
EN: During the epidemic, each of us should be the first to comply with prevention and control measures.

ZH: 领导者在企业发展方向上应该首当其冲制定具体计划。
EN: Leaders should be the first to formulate specific plans in the direction of corporate development.

ZH: 面对危机，他们必须首当其冲保护弱势群体的利益。
EN: In the face of crisis, they must be the first to protect the interests of vulnerable groups.

ZH: 团队中，作为主管你要首当其冲解决矛盾问题。
EN: In a team, as a supervisor, you should be the first to resolve conflicts.

ZH: 在面对紧急情况时，政府必须首当其冲采取措施保护人民安全。
EN: In the face of emergencies, the government must be the first to take measures to protect the safety of the people.
