ZH: 中国的首相在国家议会上发表了重要讲话。
EN: The Chinese prime minister delivered an important speech at the national parliament.

ZH: 日本的首相宣布了新的政策方向。
EN: The Japanese prime minister announced a new policy direction.

ZH: 英国的首相正在谈判与欧盟的贸易协议。
EN: The British prime minister is negotiating a trade agreement with the European Union.

ZH: 韩国的首相前往俄罗斯参加国际会议。
EN: The South Korean prime minister went to Russia to attend an international conference.

ZH: 澳大利亚的首相表示将加强与中国的经济合作。
EN: The Australian prime minister stated that they will strengthen economic cooperation with China.

ZH: 新加坡的首相呼吁国际社会加强环境保护。
EN: The Singaporean prime minister called on the international community to strengthen environmental protection.

ZH: 印度的首相发起了一项全国性的清洁能源计划。
EN: The Indian prime minister launched a nationwide clean energy plan.

ZH: 法国的首相表示支持欧盟的一体化进程。
EN: The French prime minister expressed support for the European Union's integration process.

ZH: 巴西的首相在联合国大会上提出了减贫计划。
EN: The Brazilian prime minister presented a poverty reduction plan at the United Nations General Assembly.

ZH: 加拿大的首相致力于推动与美国的贸易关系。
EN: The Canadian prime minister is dedicated to advancing trade relations with the United States.

ZH: 意大利的首相正在处理国内政治危机。
EN: The Italian prime minister is dealing with a domestic political crisis.

ZH: 荷兰的首相将出席北约峰会。
EN: The Dutch prime minister will attend the NATO summit.

ZH: 西班牙的首相表示愿意与加泰罗尼亚地区对话。
EN: The Spanish prime minister expressed willingness to engage in dialogue with the Catalonia region.

ZH: 希腊的首相宣布了新的经济刺激计划。
EN: The Greek prime minister announced a new economic stimulus plan.

ZH: 瑞典的首相呼吁国际社会加大对气候变化的应对力度。
EN: The Swedish prime minister called on the international community to increase efforts to combat climate change.

ZH: 阿根廷的首相将与巴西进行贸易谈判。
EN: The Argentine prime minister will conduct trade negotiations with Brazil.

ZH: 墨西哥的首相将访问中国以推动双边关系。
EN: The Mexican prime minister will visit China to promote bilateral relations.

ZH: 德国的首相将出席欧盟领导人峰会。
EN: The German prime minister will attend the European Union leaders summit.

ZH: 埃及的首相宣布了一项新的基建计划。
EN: The Egyptian prime minister announced a new infrastructure plan.

ZH: 俄罗斯的首相正致力于改善与美国的关系。
EN: The Russian prime minister is working to improve relations with the United States.
