ZH: 昨天的比赛结束了，你这样才看起来像是个马后炮。
EN: Yesterday's game ended, you only look like a Monday morning quarterback now.

ZH: 千万不要在事情发生后再来这样说，这太像是个马后炮了。
EN: Don't come and say this after the event happened, this is just being a Monday morning quarterback.

ZH: 他总是关注事情的结果，不会轻易在过程中就发表马后炮。
EN: He always focuses on the results, and he won't easily make a Monday morning quarterback statement in the process.

ZH: 如果你再这样说，我真的会觉得你像个马后炮。
EN: If you say it like that again, I really will think you are being a Monday morning quarterback.

ZH: 只有马后炮才会一直在事情发生后才开始表现出兴奋的情绪。
EN: Only a Monday morning quarterback would show excitement after something has already happened.

ZH: 我现在没有办法直接评论这个问题，否则我会显得像是个马后炮。
EN: I can't comment on this issue directly now, otherwise I will appear like a Monday morning quarterback.

ZH: 别再像个马后炮一样来指责别人的错了。
EN: Don't come and criticize others' mistakes like a Monday morning quarterback.

ZH: 只有马后炮才会在复盘事情后才发现问题所在。
EN: Only Monday morning quarterbacks will find out the problems after reviewing the matter.

ZH: 他现在才开始关注这个问题，显然是个马后炮。
EN: He is just starting to pay attention to this issue now, obviously being a Monday morning quarterback.

ZH: 你不要在万事已做出决定后再来指责我，别做个马后炮。
EN: Don't come and blame me after everything has been decided, don't be a Monday morning quarterback.

ZH: 后悔没有及时发表意见，现在不要变成个马后炮。
EN: Regret not speaking up in time, don't turn into a Monday morning quarterback now.

ZH: 他老是在别人失败后才指出问题，太像个马后炮了。
EN: He always points out the problems after others have failed, he's too much of a Monday morning quarterback.

ZH: 如果一直拖到最后才表明立场，就会让人觉得是个马后炮。
EN: If you keep putting off stating your position until the end, people will see you as a Monday morning quarterback.

ZH: 这位领导总是在决策后才提出建议，有点像马后炮。
EN: This leader always gives advice after making a decision, a bit like a Monday morning quarterback.

ZH: 不要总是在别人做出决定后才开始介入，不要做个马后炮。
EN: Don't always intervene after others have made a decision, don't be a Monday morning quarterback.

ZH: 当事情已经发生后才提出自己的看法，那样做就是个马后炮了。
EN: It's being a Monday morning quarterback when you offer your opinion after something has already happened.

ZH: 如果你总是在已经不可逆的时候才说话，你就会被认为是个马后炮。
EN: If you always speak up when it's already irreversible, you'll be seen as a Monday morning quarterback.

ZH: 在事情发生后再指责谁是不明智的，那样快成了个马后炮了。
EN: It's unwise to blame someone after things have happened, it's like being a Monday morning quarterback.

ZH: 他的意见总是事后才表达，所以被认为是个马后炮。
EN: His opinions are always expressed after the fact, so he is considered a Monday morning quarterback.
