ZH: 我一听到奇怪的声音，就起了一身鸡皮疙瘩。
EN: I got goosebumps all over my body when I heard a strange sound.

ZH: 看到那只狼的眼睛，我顿时浑身起了鸡皮疙瘩。
EN: I got goosebumps all over my body when I saw the wolf's eyes.

ZH: 看到血淋淋的场景，我觉得全身起了鸡皮疙瘩。
EN: I felt goosebumps all over my body when I saw the gory scene.

ZH: 在阴森的山谷里，我感受到了一阵鸡皮疙瘩。
EN: I felt a wave of goosebumps in the eerie valley.

ZH: 那个故事太吓人了，听了之后我整个人起了一身鸡皮疙瘩。
EN: That story was too scary, and I got goosebumps all over my body after hearing it.

ZH: 想到明天的考试，我身上就起了一身鸡皮疙瘩。
EN: I got goosebumps all over my body when I thought about tomorrow's exam.

ZH: 冬天的时候，寒风吹来，我的皮肤上起了鸡皮疙瘩。
EN: In winter, when the cold wind blows, goosebumps appear on my skin.

ZH: 想起小时候被老师责罚，我身上又起了一股鸡皮疙瘩。
EN: I got goosebumps all over my body when I remembered being punished by the teacher when I was a child.

ZH: 为了兴奋，我不禁起了一身鸡皮疙瘩。
EN: I couldn't help but get goosebumps all over my body out of excitement.

ZH: 看到那场恐怖电影，我觉得自己全身鸡皮疙瘩。
EN: I felt goosebumps all over my body when I watched that horror movie.

ZH: 从那个神秘的黑暗角落传来的声音，我感到一阵鸡皮疙瘩。
EN: I felt a shiver down my spine from the mysterious sound coming from the dark corner.

ZH: 身上起了一身鸡皮疙瘩，只因为一个不祥的预感。
EN: I got goosebumps all over my body just because of a bad omen.

ZH: 走进那间破旧的房子，我感到了一阵鸡皮疙瘩。
EN: I felt a wave of goosebumps when I entered that dilapidated house.

ZH: 看到那只吓人的巨蜘蛛，我感到一阵鸡皮疙瘩。
EN: I felt a shiver down my spine when I saw that terrifying giant spider.

ZH: 这个惊悚小说太恐怖了，读了之后我浑身起了鸡皮疙瘩。
EN: This thriller novel is too scary, and I got goosebumps all over my body after reading it.

ZH: 看到屋顶上的乌鸦，我立刻产生了一种鸡皮疙瘩的感觉。
EN: Seeing the crow on the roof, I immediately felt goosebumps.

ZH: 接到奇怪的电话后，我觉得全身起了一身鸡皮疙瘩。
EN: I got goosebumps all over my body after receiving a strange phone call.

ZH: 随着阴风的吹拂，我的手臂起了一片鸡皮疙瘩。
EN: With the blowing of the chilly wind, goosebumps appeared on my arms.

ZH: 回忆起那场可怕的事故，我身上又起了一阵鸡皮疙瘩。
EN: I got goosebumps all over my body when I recalled that terrible accident.

ZH: 电影里的吓人场景让我惊讶地起了一身鸡皮疙瘩。
EN: The scary scenes in the movie surprised me and gave me goosebumps all over my body.
