ZH: 看到他那美丽的画作，我的作品黯然失色了。
EN: My artwork paled in comparison to his beautiful painting.

ZH: 她的歌声让其他人的表演黯然失色。
EN: Her singing made the other performances pale in comparison.

ZH: 这次比赛中，他的速度让其他选手都黯然失色。
EN: His speed in the competition made the other contestants pale in comparison.

ZH: 餐厅的装饰如此华丽，使得其他餐厅都黯然失色。
EN: The restaurant's decor was so elegant that it made the other restaurants pale in comparison.

ZH: 这家公司的领导能力使得其他公司黯然失色。
EN: The leadership abilities of this company make the other companies pale in comparison.

ZH: 他的幽默感让其他人的笑话黯然失色。
EN: His sense of humor makes the jokes of others pale in comparison.

ZH: 她的灵感使得其他设计师的作品黯然失色。
EN: Her inspiration makes the works of other designers pale in comparison.

ZH: 这个书店的藏书量是如此之大，使得其他书店黯然失色。
EN: The bookstore's collection is so vast that it makes the other bookstores pale in comparison.

ZH: 他的品味让其他人的衣着黯然失色。
EN: His taste in clothing makes the attire of others pale in comparison.

ZH: 这次演讲的深度让其他演讲黯然失色。
EN: The depth of this speech makes the other speeches pale in comparison.

ZH: 她的绘画技巧使得其他画家黯然失色。
EN: Her painting skills make the other artists pale in comparison.

ZH: 这部电影的特效太震撼了，使得其他电影黯然失色。
EN: The special effects in this movie are so impressive that they make the other films pale in comparison.

ZH: 这家咖啡店的咖啡味道如此美味，使得其他咖啡店黯然失色。
EN: The coffee at this café is so delicious that it makes the other cafes pale in comparison.

ZH: 他的风景摄影使得其他摄影师黯然失色。
EN: His landscape photography makes the other photographers pale in comparison.

ZH: 这位演员的表演才华使得其他演员黯然失色。
EN: The acting talent of this actor makes the other actors pale in comparison.

ZH: 这件艺术品的价值使得其他藏品黯然失色。
EN: The value of this artwork makes the other collections pale in comparison.

ZH: 这家餐厅的服务态度让其他餐厅黯然失色。
EN: The service attitude at this restaurant makes the other restaurants pale in comparison.

ZH: 她的舞蹈技巧使得其他舞者黯然失色。
EN: Her dance skills make the other dancers pale in comparison.

ZH: 这个商店的销售额如此高，使得其他商店黯然失色。
EN: The sales at this store are so high that they make the other stores pale in comparison.

ZH: 他的烹饪技巧使得其他厨师黯然失色。
EN: His cooking skills make the other chefs pale in comparison.
